<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 85354fd0-7537-3285-b332-6ac19cd7197c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone had a several difficult times when we need others' help,so did I.It's a holiday,and I was going to go home from school.but after I left my school,I found that I forget to take enough money with me and I can't buy the ticket which cost twenty yuan.It's very lucky,a man beside me gave me thirty yuan after he knew my situation.I was deep moved.Although a couple of years passed,I remembered it clearly.
I think that on one can face no difficult during all his/her lifetime.There always has a time that we need others help.So I think we should help and care about each other.You give and then you get.
If there is no careness in our society, I think we will ruin ourself.Can we imagine the situation that evryone only care about themself? No father ,no mother...no others,only myself?It's awful!
Because of love,this world has its meanings.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 18d2e894-6335-3453-9b43-3c0c38997ad3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Only one person can’t live in the world,because everyone needs other's help.
When I was in junior high school,we lived in the school.One day,I suddenly found my money lost,and there were nearly two weeks that I could go back home.Fortunately all the classmates helped me. We went everywhere that I maybe lost money.Finally we found it.Then I thought I was the happiest one in the world.
So we should care and help for each other.If you help other,both you and he will feel happy.Image that,if there is nobody that wants to help others,how the world will be.Oh my God! It can’t be worse at that time.There is never little warmth,and even the family may be stranger. I can’t stand this world at all.So try your best to help others not only for others but also for yourself.And we will have a better and better tomorrow.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c759ee1f-4e3d-3780-a925-2012dbaa79f5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Life is a long trip of varieties of stories.
All of us may encounter different people. Now, I look into my heart to search the most unforgettable story. And that night occurs to me.
It was a freezing cold night. I was about to end up my journey and the last bus was coming. But something unlucky happened to me, I couldn't find my wallet. I was so panic because there was no money left on me . Would I miss the bus and hang out around the lonely place during such a scary night? It should kill me.
The bus came eventually. the driver saw a single boy standing in front of his bus but not moving at all. I was very afraid and ashamed to say that I had no money but I wanted to go back home. "What the hell did you say? Just get on. Money is no big deal" I thought I was in a paradise.
So you see, helping each other may bring happiness to our heart. It's not a demand but a need for us. We do need to help each other to enrich our life and warm the world we live in。
As for me, I can't imagine what the world will be if there is no concern and sympathy among people. but there is one thing I'm pretty sure. We don't have to wait for the doomsday to come because we can not survive without helping and care.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 00c8cb62-f41a-3ecb-b345-a5d6d78ae866> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was the first day that I went to my ideal university.The day was so hot and after a long trip to Beijing,my excitement had disappeared.All I felt was extremely tired.And I also carried a lot of luggage.
Finally I got to the gate of the university.For me,the university was totally unfimiliar and I was confused.When I had no idea to do what,a student of the university came and asked me,"Can I help you?".I told him that I was the freshman of the university.Then he helpd me to carry my luggage and led me to the student apartment.He then also told me where was the library and where was the mess hall.
The experience is unforgettable.Whenever I recall the experience,I feel warm and comfortable.So I also determinted to help people as much as I could.I think
people should help each other and care for each other.And in this way,the world we live in can become more and more warm and beautiful.However,if the world we live in lacks it,the world will become very terrible and no one can have a good life.Maybe we human even die out.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 33b129d0-c116-3d69-bcfe-7fa1966284ea> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As is konwn to all ,where there is love there is a beautiful world.To live in harmony with the world , we should always be ready to help others.In return,others will lend you a hand as well when you're caught in troubles so that we each other could lead a better life.
Once, I was removing an ocean of books from classroom to my dormitory owing to exams.However, it was too heavy to remove on my own.When I was upset, my classmates spared no efforts to help me remove these terrible things.It's simple but moving,and it impresses me a lot for the unrewarded help.
What would the world to be if people only cared for themselves? It's hard to imagine. But one thing is sure,mess and chaos. People may trust others any more.The world may come to an end.
So,the point is,we should help and care for everyone around us.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fa119f7f-d15f-3ec5-886e-a235d7f7cfe8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When l came to BUPT for the first time with heavy load, I lost my way to dormitory. Without my parents’guiding, I suspected weather I could stand by my own foot. When I was in trouble, it was fortunately that a schoolmate came to me and helped me find my way. All I could do was a simple word thanks.
No one can survival without other’s help, as a wisdom says.
Everyone gets a hand from company and give a hand when some others in need. If it become a current rule, our society will be full of love and smiles.
Please try your best to imagine a world only filled with greedy and conflicts, our life would never be significant any more. If it were to happen ,it would be based on the lack of care among social members. In order to avoid the circumstance ,please hand in hand we can, try to understand.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2f0e0d85-6e5f-343a-a61f-a8406b223adf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We always meet many  difficults in our life. We are sure to wish
gain some help from other people.Once I went shoping in a local supp
ermarket.When I had bought some things I intended to,I standed in a
line .I waited for half an hour,I was  exicited that it's turn to me.
However,I found my pocket missed but I had't know it until iI need to
pay money for my goods. How embarrssed for me,I almost can't stand it.
At the time ,a middle woman understand me form my feel,she paied money
for my goods ,but I had't met her before the time.I am moved by her
generous and nobel character.I run out and want to appreiciate to
her,but she only told me it's everypeople's responsbality to help
other people.she is right ,people should help each other .I believe
only everyone donate a litter help ,the world will become more beai
tiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 011006c2-1799-37f9-b5ed-8b404643c3a3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Noboby’s life is smooth. We’ll meet several difficulties that we can’t solve. For example, when I first came to Beijing, I was nearly lost. In the big city, I even can’t find the direction. But finally I find the university which will keep me company for four years. The reason why I find my destination is that there are many kind-hearted person, when I confused which way to go, I’ll ask them and surely they’ll solve my problem.
By these affairs, I find the importance of helping each other. When something is easy for you, why not give others your hand? It is right that caring others is caring yourself.
On the contrary, if you don’t come to others rescue, you’ll become lonely, find yourself is isolate. What’s worse, you’ll think everyone is selfish.
There is a saying: give other the rose and still remain the pretty smell on your hand. If your become more considerable, you’ll find the world different.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8f027ecc-d066-3882-a5db-085acd91d012> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was 8 years old, a boy give me an impressive help, it was a smile. This year, I transferred to a new school. I didn’t know anyone. No one played with me. I feel very lonely. One day, he suddenly smiled to me and said he wanted to make friend with you. I felt very happy. Because of this smile, I started to play with others and became more outgoing. And he became my best forever.
We should help each other. When other people need somebody. We should give a help hand. Sometimes even a word or a smile, it maybe important to other people.
On contrary, if our society lack for help, there will not be anyone to help you when you need help. No one would care about you even you have cold or die.
So, when so many need somebody, we should give a helping hand.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 571e257f-6e66-39f0-9a12-ec043f50b48e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Five years ago, I was just a little girl studying in junior school and knew nothing about what the big warm that people bring to you when you are in the trouble. Until I met that aunt, I realized that it’s important to help others. I still remembered that day.
On a sunny Sunday, I went back from the bookstore, hungry and tired. I decided to go to a noodles restaurant to have a rest. When I opened my wallet to pay my lunch after finishing my meal, I found I had not enough money to pay my meal! It’s a so terrible thing occurred on me that I was freezing and had no idea what should I do! Maybe the waitress guessed what happened on me, she told me she would pay the surplus fee for me gently. At the moment, I felt as the warm river flowing in my heart, so I couldn’t stop my tears. From then, a seed that people should try their best to help others sowed in the bottom of little girl’s heart.
In the big world, everyone is just a little live. Only we unite with others, we can have a beautiful life in the world. On the one hand, if people don’t care other’s feeling or don’t want to give other a hand, they would become selfish、lazy, and human beings won’t be exist so long. Because one person’s strength is small, many persons’ strength is enormous. On the other hand, although most assists are little, they still can bring a warm fire to the other. And the fire lights up whole society, let people see the fine in the country. Moreover, helping is a commutative process. You don’t lose anything after giving other a hand expect a nice mind. In a word, people should help and care each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c6325129-532c-377d-9126-0a8c005dda52> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It is said that there is no people can live without others’ help. That’s true.
So far, I have got much worm from other people. For example, once a time, I was going to return home from school. the books and clothes is so many that I must take them with a big bag. The bag is so weight ,but the way to get on the train is so narrow, I didn’t know how to do and became anxious. at the moment, persons next to me helped me lift the bag.
Although it’s just a little thing, I’m warmed. I do, and I believe it is the same with others who received helps. Help is necessary in people’s relationship, it makes us feel loved and worm, it decreases our difficulties doing thing. It do well in the world's peace.
I can’t imagine that one day every people won’t help others. When people became private, how could we still get happiness and love in life. World will be cold when people became cold. So, don’t let the day come. So, let us go to help others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d8c3fb78-66b1-37a3-9b2c-6cc9795c8b91> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As the saying goes, a friend in deed is a friend in need. From my point of view, only help each other can we appreciate the beauty and warmth in the world.
When I saw this title, large mounts of memories came flooding me. Above all, a memory which touched me deeply flowing in my mind. It was a midnight in my senior school. At that time, I lived in the dormitory. Unfortunately, I had a fever. It was 39.7 degrees. I was so helpless and lonely. Suffering from the fever, I was so missing my family. At this moment, my best friend came to my rescue, she handed the boiled water and fed me with medicines. What’s more, she covered the quilt for me patiently and carefully. Suddenly, my eyes burst into tears. I felt the warmth flowing in my heart.
As far as I’m concerned, since we live under the same sky, we should help each other. Love can be handed down. We never know when we would need other’s help. But bear it in mind that, as long as you keep a kind heart, you can be repaid.
What our world would be like without caring and help? I don’t know , but I can sure that it must be a dark and hopeless world. So, help each other, then you will appreciate the wonderful world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 23f783eb-3e57-34d3-8ddc-c2946abf3d0f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once we live in the human society ,it's impossible for us not to meet any difficulty.So when we meet difficulties,the help form others would like the sunshine in winter that warms our heart.
When I was in my senior high school,I lived in dormitry with my classmates.I used to be very weak in that age,and the condition of my stomach was really bad.One night,my stomachache was so bad that Ijust can't sleep and I can't went to the school hospital since it's too late.Then my roommates made me a cup of hot water and some medicine for me.But the pain didn't weaken and I still couldn't get sleep.Seeing this,my roommates companied me and talked to me to release my pain till 4 am.
I was really moved by them that night,in fact ,they had no responsiblity to company me,but they did.Once we living in this world,helping each other would be nessceary.When others facing difficlties,we shoould help them to solve problems.Only by helping others warmly can we be helped when we get into trouble.
And what the world would be like if everybody become selfish and never helps others? I think it's really hard and even impossible for us to live in that kind of society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID aa18a6b6-ab7b-322e-982d-a69fb740d99d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The latest experience that I was helped I can recall happens the first day I came to BUPT. It is a trifle but vital, small but strong to me. As a newly university student, I thought I was an adult and reduced my parents helping hands ——I decided to come to BUPT on my own. Things went on fluently at the very beginning, but soon, things went wrong. I first lost my jacket, and then lost my way in the campus.
Tired, exhausted, and with heavy load on my back, I felt extremely beaten up and lost, wandering around the not that big campus. When I was at the edge of losing my mind, there came my savior, who is short and slim but has a great figure in my mind. He came to me, helped me find my way and carried the bags for me. I got to know that he’s from the BUPT volunteer association whose aim is to help people.
This experience influences a lot on me. I realize that help each other is vital not only to the one you helped, but also to yourself. It’s like a redemption to yourself, a chance to lift you up. I can’t imagine how our society would become if there’s no helping hands. Cold, selfish, full of hatred and curse maybe. Helping hands to our society, is what water to flowers. Only when the water is rich, can the flower be healthy and colorful. And only when everyone is willing to give a helping hand, can our society be a pleasant paradise full of love and warmth.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bd8d2b22-eb02-3fce-8e15-ff02ca1b0508> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When talks about helping each other, lost of memories flooding in my minds. Yes, countless people helped me and I’ve help many other people.  But one is one thing that I can never forget because it made me realized how important people helping each other.
When I was about six years old, my parents took me to Beijing to have a summer trip. And I begged my parents to take me to Mcdonald’s because I had never try it ,and they agreed.  But all of my family had never been to a western restaurant so we knew nothing about it , we even didn’t  know how to order the food. When we were troubled in this matter , a boy seemed elder then me gave us a hand. He putted down his own lunch and took us to the counter to order food ,he even gave his discount coupon to us so that we could save some money!
As a young child , I never thought about that people can give a hand to such strangers . This trifle seems nothing more then ordinary ,but it gave me a unforgettable lesson .how nice will the world be if all people helping each other? And how terrible the world will be if people never give a hand when others in need? So I start helping others and hoping that many other people can help me when I am in trouble .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a0bcaf4c-e212-3841-9816-70b45723196e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
My memory flash back to three years ago When talking about the topic of helping each other.That days I was addicted to playing basketball.However,one sunny afternoon I'm playing basketball,Tom indeliberately rushed to me when defending,as a result I twisted my ankle.It really hurt and I was in low mood.But thanks to my classmates,they sent me to the hospital immediately and I recovered soon after the doctor's treatment.
Through my experience,I firmly believe that people should help each other whenever someone needs assistance.This kind of quality is considered a virtue and we have the responsibility to insist on it.
Hardly can we imagine what the society will be if people don't incline to come to help others.Would more people have to face the reality of hunger?Would we become more selfish and just pay attention to personal affairs?Or even would humanity died out due to the lack of care?
In my point of view,everything undesirable is liable to happen if we forget helping people around us.So more care among people are called for if we want a better future.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2aaf9b92-0c77-3dae-be56-b4a43f007912> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There are many problems we facing with everyday.Therefore,helping each other, which exists everywhere,is of great importance.
For instance,my mother is so helpful for me when I was very young that I cannot live without her anytime.Puting clothes on her son,cooking,helping her son walking,and so forth,nothing isnot bothering and tiring.Sometimes I got a cold,sometimes I had a temperature,and sometimes I had a stomachahe,she is always over there coming to my aid.Everytime thinking about these,I feel moved,tearing a long time.
No doubt that helping each other is every one's responsibility.We learn from Leifen's stories,and the aware of helping others sparing no efforts has already rooted in our minds.
The lack of the aware to help others will make the world full of disorder,leaving eveyone alone and lonely.Thus,go all out to helping others and you will be helped next time.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c771c7f8-4892-3a70-9f9b-d550500ee886> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping others is not just a rescue for they,but  are also an respect to ourselves. It’s a need for us to keep holding out hands to someone in troubles in mind .
It occurred to me one day when my partner came to my rescue when I was dejected after failed the exam. She keeped comforting me and helped analysising the problems I met.
It’s really a relief to my heart as I was in darkness an sadness. She came to my help unconditionally.
Though it’s a small thing but it made me believe that helping and offering can really make others reliefed and relaxed.we live in a world so we need to help each others.As the 2008 Olympic game promoted “one world ,one dream.”.It’s our responsibilities and duties to offer our help toward tne public.
The world without sympathy and kindness can be compared to a forest without sunshine and water.There will just remain coldness between people.No one want it to be like that.Let us believe that consecration and offering can make a better life!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2d7ef12b-58bd-3ac9-8112-e41c1c5d17e9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Currently, there is a widespread concern about helping others. When I see this headline, the image that Wang Wei helped me can not stop but emerge in my mind.
It was a snowy day, the wind was so icy that people in the road can not even open their eyes. It was in that morning that I went to school. I rode a bike patiently in case of getting down because of the icy road. Unfortunately, my bicycle broke down on the half way to school. On the time my bicycle broke down, I was in despair and felt as if the world got dark. But Wang Wei showed up and helped me fix it up so that I could go to school on time. Time goes by, my appreciation to Wang Wei never fades away.
As far as I’m concerned, every should help others as long as they can. Only in this way, can we make a better place for you and for me. Remember that, when you help others you will get more happiness from that. If we don’t do this others will also not help you. Further more, there will be more and more inhospitality in our society.
All in all, helping each other will help us make a better world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 71faff6a-2f8c-364b-9482-7333b484cdca> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we know,there are so many people in this society.For we
can get on well with each other,help is the key to express
friend.
In my memory,a thing floods from my brain.When I was 11-year-old,
I must go to math class every evening.But one day ,my bicycle broke down,
and there is no time left for the class would start soon.Fortunately,my classmate
lend his bicycle to me so that I can go to class on time.Though a little thing it is,
I feel so impressive about it.
The world that don't have help is terrible.There are no friends around us and loneliness
will influence our mood.Every one will have problem,and if we can give somebody a hand at the right moment,
they will be very happy and grateful to you.We all live in a big society,and nobody can
live without others so help is the link to connect people.
The more we help others ,the more happiness we will get.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3c21bfee-d552-3cb9-b98c-2b786682def7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is very improntant in our daoly life  There was a stroy in my daily life.
last weekend, I had no money in my purse,I was very hungry because I did not have breakfast and lunch. when thedinner was coming ,I was disappointed . I had no choose but stay at my drom.my classmate called me to go out, I pretended to say idid not want to have dinner.he said nothing. when he came back .he brought back my favourite food .I was so deeply moved that my eyes were wet.
it isn necessary for all of us to help othgers.T here is a saying :when you are not with your family, you can depend on your friend.if we do not help others we can not feel the warm between us.and our life will surely unhappy.our sociaty will be very cold .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1e679df7-943c-38d4-9c62-64d5846999de> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There is one idiom in China——We depend on parents at home,we depend on friends outside.That is a truth.We can’t live alone without other people.When a man is in trouble,lend him a helping hand.It will make him warm and moving.
I still remember one thing that occured at the beginning of this session.That was a evening.After playing football,I felt very tired,and I just want to have a bathe.I immediately took off all my clothes,and walked in the batheroom nakedly.But I quickly learned that there was no hot water at all!When I was so embarrassed,my roommate QuSheng suddenly said,“I will pay the money.”after three minutes waiting in batheroom,QuSheng came back“It’s OK now.”
I was happy to see that there was hot water again.
It's so easy to offer a hand to others.If everyone take no care about others,one man won't be able to do anything.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 89f731f2-2f63-3b82-a32f-b5e061c0a13f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily life, we may be trapped in something at times. Just like me. I remember that evening I was running and I suddenly fell on the ground because of the dark. My knees were hurt so badly that I couldn't even stand up. Then a kind stranger came to my rescue and I could get to the school hospital. Thanks a lot.
After that, I get an idea that the society consists of everyone of us so we just can't find a proper excuse not to help each other. Ok please try to think of this: you live in a cold city and there is inhospitality between each other, how do you feel? That is, you can't find a man to talk , can't find a man to laugh or even see a soft face. That sounds very horrible , right?
so just open our heart a little bit and offer our kindness :maybe just put out your hand for a raise up, just open your for a warm reminding or even a smile for a stranger. Doing these, though you are in winter, but your heart feels a lot of sunshine. And the society will be full of happiness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3ab2c809-f612-31cd-8847-ab3fa71637c3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everybody lives with each other. We all need others' help wherever you are and whenever it is. I also have gained someone's help, and he is a person who I have never known before.
That was a cloudy sunday. I went out to suburb with my friends. We had a great fun there before we decided to go home because it's 5 p.m. All of a sudden, it started to rain. We have to find a place to prevent ourselves from becoming wringing. When we are finding somewhere to avoid raining, an old men came towords us from a house and invited us to his home. We were so lucky to meet such an enthusiastic person.
Since that day, I always have much interest in helping others whether I know them or not. Because I know the feeling when you get help from others when you are in need. And I believe that if everyone can help others, our life will become better and better.
me better and better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1f5065a3-d48c-3de2-968a-a7e8b849ccea> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It seemed to be a cold winter day when I got back home. Until I reached railway station, I found that I forgot to take my id card. It must be serious because I cannot be permitted to go up to the train. Suddenly, my classmate turned up with my id card in his hand. He knew I forgot it. “ Many thanks.” That is the only words I could say.
On the train, some thoughts flowed out from my mind. People shall help each other when somebody faces unexpected troubles or something. Timely aims and warm fill the world with love.
On the contrary, the world may be dark and gray without caring each other. People cannot feel warm and friendly. And certainly we won’t enjoy it.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6cc61de0-155d-3f16-b2cb-e20cc03847ac> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a blue day. My football team lost the goal and my cycle broke down on my way home. I could not deal with it. While being upset, a stranger in a black western-style clothes come to me.
“Can I help you, guy?”
“oh, thanks. I can’t go home.”And then, he look for what’s the trouble with my bike, carefully and cautiously. Time went by but he was still repairing. I felt a little ashamed and I didn’t know how I should do. The only thing I could do was waiting. But the mood went sunny.
Nowadays people do not trust each other in the least. When a old fells down on the street, there is no one giving him or her a hand. Because the heart fill up with the money not truth. Without truth, without help, the world will leave suspicion and hatred. The world is still the world?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 59a61935-2708-369c-b35d-d3c512006126> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all know,we are living in a big social community.By all accounts, it's the fact that we meet,recognize,communicate , help and care about people every time.Therefore,being a member of the big social family,helping and concerning each other is obviously so significant!
As far as i'm concerned,there was so many times people helping me and i also did favors for others.For example,one of my best friends unfortunately died of disease last term,maybe you can not imagine how painful and hopeless i was and i have no  interest in anything at that peiod of time.However,my roommates helped me out,i still remember each of them sent me an impressive message to encourage me face to life boldly,thanks for their encouragement,i had a relief in the end.
Therefore,because of too many changes in our life and we may meet with quantities of trouble in our daily life,there is a need for everyone to help and concern each other and accept theirs as well.Besides,with the help and concern of each other,not only can we solve the trouble more effectively but also we can improve our relationships ,maybe we can also make some valueble friends by chance.
To be honest,I really can not imagine how our sociaty will be like without helping and concerning each other.If everyone is  selfish and just ignore others' trouble ,people only care about their own business and show no concerns for others,maybe there is an end for humans because of the lace of the help and concern!SO if everyone is willing to help others and care about other people,there will be a better world and we all live more happy!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a96269f8-f509-3776-8998-26f728d66da8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When it comes to helping, vivid memories came flooding back of an afternoon when a stranger saved my life. That day, when I was walking home from the gym where I’ve played volleyball for an hour I became dizzy all of a sudden. When I got conscious, I found myself lying in the hospital. It was someone who I didn’t know sent me there. Assuming that there’s no one bothered to do me a favor, I might get attacked by a car or something.
Therefore, helping each other is of great importance. Not only others to whom you give your hand but also yourself are surely to benefit from such a behavior.
On the other hand, if we lived in a world lacking love and care, how terrible our society would be. What’s more, there maybe no chance for me to tell you my story.
From all things mentioned above, we can safely draw the conclusion that helping each other counts a lot in our daily life. Help others whenever you can and once we all kind enough to help, our society will be much better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4e2d1363-5739-3cab-8b8a-eb3a5f301a4b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone have two hands.One gets help,the other one helping others.
World need help,as we need our hand.I has been impressed by the grateful of help.
When I am at middle school,I was afried of PE class because I was very shamed when Iwas the last to arrive destination.So I became more and more hate running and my grade became more and more low until my angle appeared.Everyday after school she would accompany with me to the ground and teach me how to run,carefully and patiently.And she told me everyone have advertage and disadvertage,you can do best in other area.I thanked for her helping. It is not only improve my grade but also give me courage.
Helping others can make our society more warm and more friendly,so we should help each other and take care of people.If our society lose help,it will become colder and colder Please remember "Helping is a meaningful and happy thing".

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 57ea0b04-8f1e-3139-bf0e-66eb37b34968> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone of us lives in the society as fish lives in the water,we can not live without others.We face the same life's difficulties,so in my opinion,we should help each other.
I won't forget the day when I first came to BUPT.I'm not familiar with everything I met.I'm worried and anxious.I could not find the place where I should go.But to my surprise,an angle came to my rescue. She helped me.What's more,her gentle words comforted me.Many thinks to my angle.
Since then,I think we should help each other.Everyone of us is certain to have difficulties.We can deal with it sometimes,but sometimes we can not.Helping each other can help us through the dangerous sea of life.Without helps from others,can you image how our life will be?The relationship between us will be remote.We can not feel the warmth from others.
we may be in low spirts erevyday.Do you want the life like that.I bet you won't.
Help each other please.We will have a better life when we come to others' rescue.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8d6f0b03-8b7f-3d9b-a119-7cee71db8188> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a cold dark night. My friend and I were going to go back to the dormitory from the classroom. Suddenly it began to rain heavily. Without any umbrella, we became worried for we might go back with wet clothes, after which we might be likely to catch a cold. At this time, two girls with two umbrellas turned out. They asked us if we need some help and invite us to go together. We accepted that gladly. Then we went back with that two angels.
After the incident, I realized that we should help others who are in trouble, no matter whether we know each other or not. If everyone helped each other, the world we lived in would become better and full of love. However, what if there’s no one would like to give his or her hand to others?
If that, our society would be filled with darkness, hopelessness, depression, disappointment and such negative emotions. Not only would we go back with rain pouring on our heads, the society would also become indifferent.
Therefore, let’s do something to wake people’s helping heart! Let’s fill the world with love so that there will be more lightness instead of darkness! Helping each other and light up our world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b423bc3c-b7aa-3213-8894-a02574253dd1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When last term finished . I was so happy that I could reunion with my family . Then it was the time that i should go to the airport alone at a city which I was not familiar with . What's more , I was frozen with cold and I had to carry a large luggage.
I was exhausted and despaired when I saw a long stairs , it was impossible for me to carry my luggage all my way to the airport . Fortunately , a gentleman came and asked if I need any help , then he helped me to get on the bus to the airport , he left quietly and quickly that I had no chace to say thank you , right at that time ,I not only felt grateful , but also produced the thought to help others .
If there is no one who is willing to hep others , our world would be confused ,our life would be harder and harder , our hearts would be colder and colder , the feeling of fear would shroud the earth.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8e6117d9-d24c-34ee-8c6f-51a9fd1229fd> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
No matter how strong and capable a person is, he will meet some troubles which he can not get through by himself. So everyone will need help and we should help each other.
I still remember the day I lost my way in a strange place. I felt nervous because I couldn’t find the way home. At last, I decided to ask others for help. To my surprise, the man I asked was very patient and led me to where I was looking for. I thanked him a lot and felt very warm.
As far as I’m concerned, we need help each other and care for each other. Just a little help or concern can make others felt delighted and comfortable. The people you helped will respond you when you are in troubles. Therefore, helping others is helping ourselves.
If the society lacks of caring and helping, the world will be cold and the people will be selfish. The relationship between persons is frozen.
So, in order to warm the world and make us pleased. Why not help each other and make the world full of care and love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID da0ade5f-ecd0-39d5-88bb-63f381592cec> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
A cold evening last term, when I went back to my dorm, about to play computer game for a while, I suddenly found my dust coat had been lost for quite a few days. It was valuable for me as it was a gift from my aunt. I am so annoyed that I crash out of my dorm and ran into canteen as well as the classroom for a little chancy 'Maybe'. The truth is always not the way we hope it to be. To my desperation, I didn’t find it
Cold and tired, I went back to my dorm, felt down. I told the story to my roommates and they asked me to have a try at found-and-lost. To be honest, I am not really interested in such idea because I don't really believe such 'keen heart'. But still I would have a try. After all, what I would lose?
Next day, I went to the found-and-lost and found my dust coat was right there with a lot of other clothes. And there were many other things including USB, MP3 and even Iphones. Suddenly I felt warm. Suddenly I recalled my dear old teacher’s ‘good people are always more than the bad ones’. I even don’t know  the one who picked up my coat. But thank you very much. And I felt the obliged to care others for I have been cared by someone else.
There is a ‘national no shopping day’ in America, and there would be someone dressed as a pig to symbolize greed. And the purpose of the day is that instead of shopping, spend much time to care others.
No caring in the word, what would be left? I suppose there would be just shopping to fill up the empty and greed in our heart.
I quite enjoy being cared from others, so I felt obliged to care others

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6c7a5928-8e10-3fa7-ad35-85f9e3076ac0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily lives, we often meet some problems that we can't solve by ourselves. If there is someone who can help us at that time, the problem will be figured out and we will be glad. It's same to others. Everyone likes being helped when needed. So we should try our best to help each other and care others.
At the beginning of this term, I had great difficulty buying the train tickets to Beijing, which made me too anxious to do anything. But when my friends known my problem, they were enthusiastic to help me out. At last I got my train tickets successfully under their help which made me feel warm at heart.
If there is no help between people, everybody's live will be very tough and the world will be awful. If we can help and care each other, just do it. If there are more help and care between us ,the world will be more wonderful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 83f09846-7c20-3712-a0de-2cb1b0cf5f4b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As the saying goes helping other is the happiest things in the world. We should appreciate someone who helped us.
When I first live in the dormitory. I can’t be used to the life without parents. I can’t sleep well in the night ,and I can’t eat well in the school. It seemed that I will always meet problems, But I meet a group of good guys. They are my roommates. They make me that I was at home.  I really thank them. I can’t imagine how my life will be without them.
I think we should help each other in society. Only in this way our society can go better and better.If every one live by themselves.They do not help others,and they don't  accept others' help.How our society will be.I can't tell.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cb6577a2-61a3-3ed5-995a-7964a5f6b161> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
At present,there are more and more events which reflect that people have no interested in helping others in society. These events have to be regard as important things,and it remind me of one thing.Let me tell
you the details.
when I were studying in middle school,I had much difficuties grasping English including listening and speaking in class.On the other  hand,my classmates all had the experience of studying English before and they could express their ideas in English well. Then this actuality troubled me and I went to school with terrible feeling. One day, my good friend fount my problem and promised that he would offer favors about studying English. So every morning, I practiced listening and speaking together with him.In the end,I did not hate English.
In a word,we should help each other all the time and put it as our duty.After all, if there were no favors in our society, we would live a  awful life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6326ed77-d434-38aa-928b-f1432ce9b7b7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There is an experience I would never forget. About a month after entering university, I lost my wallet in the campus . It’s the first time I was out of  my home. Unfamiliar with the new environment, this incident made me very upset. At this time, my new roommates came to comfort me, which made me feel so warm. I really appreciate it.
In my opinion, people need to help and care  for  each other. As we all know ,one person has much  less power tan a group of people. When we come together ,there will not be any problem we can not solve . What’s more ,we can feel that we are in a large home.
On the other hand ,a world without people concerning others must be boring and disturbing. In this world, people will be described as cold blood. Everything is decided by profit. In this case , a person can’t be regarded as a real person. They are the same as robots or beasts. And the world shouldn't worth we living there.    2011040131 陆尧

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2f9356f7-1c00-34ff-8533-33070d3e4640> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One of the hottest topic of today’s society,related to human’s living,is helping each other.
I remember clearly one story that I’d really appreciate.Once I went to a shop to got some drinks.When i pay for it i can’t find my wallet,which all my money was in.At that time I felt embarrassed for I can’t get an idea to went through.However ,a beautiful voice suddenly came,”I”help you.”A student who I didn’t meet hand over a ten-yuan bank note to the shopkeeper.It was not until I made sure it was true that he already went away.
I hold the view that there should be more help in our society which will be filled with flowers of love in this way.Without concerning,Obama won't be elected to be the America's president successfully, the world is liable to be cold as a rock,and development will be lower and lower.
More help in society, more love in our heart.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 21d9541e-9bf8-3aea-8c1e-02816954a049> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a nice day when I decided to visit the nearside garden.But when the night was coming,the sky was becoming darker than it should be.I knew a heavy rain was coming.But I didn’t bring a umbrella with me that day.How can I get back to school.On the point when I was going to risk being sick to run to my dorm,a peer came to me and ask if he could help me.Then he gave his umbrella to me and we went back to school together.
It is just a smaller than smallest thing,but it relly strikes me.We were just strangers then and he needn’t to help me at all.However, he did it.And it turns out to be good result:we become good friend.
We should offer our help to anyone who is in trouble if we can pull them out. Only in this way will the world be a warm village.And after we help each other,we will find we get more than we sacrifice.
I can’t imagine what the world will be if everyone is cold-blooded and have no sympathy .May it be a cold jail or dark hell?
Send rose to others and there will be good smell left in your hand.Don’t hesitate to give your hand to others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fe5471d5-53b5-32ff-b047-f8177144ff6e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Human social is a whole consisting of millions of people ,whether you are young or old , no matter where you come and which language you speak. Earth is a big family and we will never be lonely because helping is a bond associating you and me. When I am a little kid, I lost my way when shopping with my mom in a big supermarket , and I could do nothing but crying and stumbling along in the crowd. A unknown woman gave me some candies to stop my crying and then send me to the exit waiting my mom. My mom cried with joy when she saw me. The story is slick but it is true . But I believe every one will feel warm through such a little thing.Wihtout helping,the world will be cold. Helping does brighten the world .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 04badfb2-76e1-37a4-8a2d-cb8055047af7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
A few days ago, my football team played a game with other team. When the match
played half, my team had lead 2 to 0, and the opponents started to attack more
aggresively, not giving up. Suddenly, I was hit by a opposite player and got hurt.
My knees were blooding, which made me not stand up. The game be cut off, my team-
mates ran towards me immediately and checked my injury. Then my captain took me to
the hospital on his back.
Due to the instantly treatment, my knees got well soon. I thought my captain gave
me a big help. When someone was painful, depressed or frustrated, others should
do their best to help him. If you refuse when a friend come to you, you will hurt
his heart deeply. Helping each other is the entenal virtue. We need help from others
and others need it from me.
In a word, if our society is lack of helping, every relationship cannot be set up
and people won't have smiles on their faces. So let's help each other in action at once.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0ec905f3-826a-30ed-9e5a-d24527d598e9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Time goes by, but I will never forget .
I will always remember that when I was drowning in my 10, he , an old man, dropped into the cold water for me. thank for god, I survived.I can't guess if he didn't help me for some reason, where would I be. so I always help others.
Human beings have their own emotion, and they are the family in the planet, so, we must help each other for the others are our family, you should also know that the help you give others today will reward the other. for god is always fair.
If we are indifferent to each other, how would the world be. that is a big question. You will find dead people everywhere for people's life is not a deal for others anymore, and you will see everyone is alone for they have no real friends. If we don't care others, our world will become the hell and human being will die out.
So, you can see how important to care about someone others, and hope your help will make the word a little different.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 31a1b4ca-3866-36a5-8baa-57fbf9e74152> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I had an real experience that I want to share with you .
Once I was at middle school . It was afternoon . When we took our final lesson that day , the sky became dark. After the class , a heavy rain came. But unfortunately I didn’t bring my umbrella and I should hurry to home because I needed to take care of my young sister at home . So I just wait in the corridor for the rain stop .After half an hour the rain was still as heavy as it was. Then a boy passed and noticed my worried face .He asked me and I told him my problem. Then he just hand over an umbrella to me. I look at him , he was very empressement . So I say thank you to him and go home.
It may become not unusual to many people. But for me, I was touched by the warm heart of him .
Maybe your help is just a little thing for yourself . But it can be a warm light for the one who is in his cold trouble. The world without help is unimaginable . We should help others .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c8c4ca68-6af8-33b0-9bdd-dd613a747b59> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are living a society where people help each other in many ways. Majority of people are warm-hearted to help other people.
There is an old Chinese saying, “make a gift of rose, hand stays lingering fragrance”. When I first came in BUPT, I was not familiar with the environment of the campus. However, a kind sophomore helped me carry my luggage to my dormitory and showed me the different sites in the campus. I thanked him a lot, and I will help freshman after four months.
People should help and take care of each other. Because it is not only does helping good for people, it is also good for our society. If there aren’t any warm-hearted people, or everyone is selfish who is only just thinking of himself, this society must be terrible. I think nobody can survive or live a better life without having other’s help in our society.
Last but not least, we should help others and someday they will help us in the same way. And this must be a wonderful society where people live in harmony with each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 117cbfd3-956e-39ee-9d90-48e528f5b6ec> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I am Liuwei ,a student of BUPT.It is wonderful to talk about helping , because it is nice for people who you help and it is also nice of you .
When I first came to BUPT , there was less people I knew that I felt lonely ,which even made me fear about the college life .But it all changed after I met my senior ,who came with me to the school to register and reduced me many friends .
So when you help your classmates ,you can get alone with them , your friendship can develop quickly and you will fell very happy . In our life patients are worth needing help most . When you help them , you can know the meaning of happiness . If there is no helping , the world will become so cruel that no one can live.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7a1a94ef-777f-3ade-9ddb-156bc6708370> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are all living under the same sky. In life, we all help each other. And now, I will tell you something about someone help me when I have trouble.
About 2 months ago, I had finished my first final exam in my college. When I got my so bad grade , I was very sad and depressed. I never got so bad grade before this exam, so in those days I was depressed all the time. When my best friend learnt news about my grade, she gave me a call, and she told me many things about how to improve grade and how to get high spirit. After her call, I began to improve my mood. And I made a decision to studied harder next term. After that, I think friends are important of you.
I hope everybody help others when they in trouble. If everyone do that,our world will become perfect! So let’s go to help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6ff6fc9e-7261-3c5d-a527-94df52fa5353> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our life we often help others and also get help from others. We are all living under the same sky. I think helping each other makes the world wonderful and makes the world getting smaller.
I remember the day of the university started, I had a fever. It’s too awful because I do not know where the hospital is and it’s 21 o’ clock. While I feel uncomfortable ，Shen long took me to the hospital and took care of me. I can not image if shen long didn’t take me to see the doctor what will happen.
Thank you shen long, you make me understand help other people is a important and nice thing. If we help each other,the world will be better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5017b139-dbb4-32c4-b563-68a6e4ffd59c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was in the last year, our grades held a large Singing Competition, and I’m the organizer of my class. After several-week practice, the day was coming finally. However, when we were just ready to perform, I realized that I had forgotten our second songs’ accompany in the classroom! You can imagine how anxious I was. At the urgent moment, a girl, who I’m not really know before, ran to our classroom and fetched it when we were singing the first song. She almost ran out of her strength, changed a perfect show for us. I’m deeply regretted for my stupid, but the same time, I’m thankful for the chance which I could find a new true friend.
I can’t imagine how the world will be if people have no friends. We live in a whole world, and it’s necessary that one give his hand to the other and the other give it back. Everyone help each other, concern each other, many things would more easy and simple. On the contrary, if all of us never think about others---of course, nobody would like to help us---everything will be awful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 82140581-3876-3076-9bb1-3e92bbfa40e9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a afternoon,I was taking a bus to a hospital with my father.The bus is crowded with people,and I had no seat to sit.But I had a stomchache,so my face seemed a little white.When a little child saw me,he gave his seat to me with a smile.At that moment,I felt greatly graceful as wellas happy.And then,I said a "thank you" to that little boy.He smiled again,sweetly.
After that experience,I think deeply that people should help each other.Living in a society which is full of people,one can not live only by himself.We have to contact with others,and when we meet difficulties,we hope that there is a hand for us.So we should learn to care about our families,friends,colleagues,even a stranger.
If our society is lack of careless between people,it will become a cold world,no warmless and no love.It would be too terrible.Let us do something from now. In a word, helping each other,maybe you can change this world just by your hand.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 16076ba3-8308-3dcb-8fbc-2562a09be9b4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day in the last summer vacation, I went shopping and to the movies with my younger brother. At noon, we decided that he would go to buy something to eat, and I would go to the cinema to queue up for two tickets. But on the road to the cinema, I sprained my ankle seriously. Suddenly a severe pain stroke me ,and I couldn’t even stand up by myself . I only sat down on the ground hopelessly .Fortunately ,two girls passed by ,and they helped me arrived at the cinema to meet with my brother .
We need care and help each other .Our society need it .
I can’t image what I should do if I didn’t meet the two girls .And I can’t image what the society would be if there is no care and help between folks .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f6c2b597-734d-30aa-8ca0-43278cf6f3d0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last term, I took part in “Fengyehong”, a singing competition in my new school. I was new here and just did not have any friends. I was waiting in the classroom without anyone’s company. Then a person with a guitar took the seat that close to mine. I told him that I was just a little nervous. In fact I was very nervous. Then he chatted with me to make me relaxed and he told me to drink some water may be helpful. It was my turn and hade got rid of my shyness. I have challenged myself and he was the person who gave me the courage.
We meet many strangers every day.  And we may get into trouble without our fiends and parents. A stranger may get you out of the trouble.  And we should give our hands to others who are in trouble.
If we do not help each other. We may become weak when we are in trouble. And the word will become cold. Without warmhearted stangers. There may be a world of only stones.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 25b55217-d626-3454-a660-fa8192949811> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Whenever I saw the word“help” ,I must remember her. Now ,let me tell you the story which happened between us.
It was on a hot summer day when I was just being a university student. My mood is so deep because of being far from my hometown and my dear mother. I was so depressed and sad. I just felt that I have no energy and interest to do anything. Loneliness just surrounded me. Day by day, I was always in that state. And even stayed up in the next few weeks, not studied, but only cried. One day, a beautiful girl gave me a letter, it says: I have always pay attention to you. Please remember ,you are not alone, next time, when you want to cry, come over to me, I’ll cry with you together. Since then, I became a shining girl again. Because I know, there’s someone accompany me.
I think, all of us should be a warm-hearted person like her. Whenever we saw a person who are in need, we should care about him or her, and give them the first help. As we all know, helping others can make ourselves happy.
You can imagine , if there’s no caring in the society, how horror it would be. No wonder ,no matter what prombles you are faced, you can   only do it yourself .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 18771cb8-f626-3fda-bf5b-2e3ae5191d52> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I did not understand how important it is to help others before I came to collage.
Last term I am really in low sprite owning to homesick and problems in study .I felt lonely and useless when my roommate came into my rescue. We talked a lot and now I feel much more comfortable and hopeful. She said she was the same.I can not imagine what kind of person I will be without her. As you know it is hard for me to adjust to a new life . It is luck that we helped each other before it is too late
.
From the case mentioned above, we can drew a concalution  that helping each other is a lesson for us to learn not only in collage but also in socity .at any rate one should  do more than caring only oneself ,make room for others who around us, than give him or her a hand whenever they need it, And you can get much more than “thanks”. It may be real friendship like which between my roommate and I .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID aa840716-dade-329e-b00e-33a03344a9c2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Living in the society, we can not avoid being related to others, and sometimes we are in need of other people’s help, and of course, others may also need our help in return.
I can still remember clearly when I was in senior high, my friends did the favors to me. For example, one day, during the P.E. class, I suddenly have a serious stomachache, and could not even stand. When my classmates saw my condition, they wasted no time to send me into the school hospital. I’m very appreciated it.
Therefore, in my opinion, we should helping each other, and care for each other. Only in this way, can our society be more and more harmonious. Nevertheless, if everyone only care for themselves, and ignore others need, the world would be cold and detached and our lives would no happiness at all.
In conclusion, to make our society a fine place to live, we should do our best to give others every favor we can.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 05662a43-43f2-3c2e-874e-2a6af1f5348b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last year, I joined the student union and I organized a basketball skill performance. I have prepared for a long time to make sure the performance will be prefect.When the day finally coming and the performance will be begin after ten minutes I suddenly realized that I forgot to bring the basketball! There was no enough time to borrow it from the school. I have to call my friends to find the help. Happily, they take the basketball to me five minutes later and the performance started on time.
From the example ,we can all see how important friends was and it is also important to learn to help each others .Only with others help can people experience the beautiful of the world. And if we only do what is useful for ourselves, we  will lose the most important thing of the world--the love between each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6258a9f3-dbf2-3644-9020-d0451cb115e0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Whenever I saw the word ‘helping’, the memory of my first visit to Beijing will come to me. I came to Beijing alone to study. When I arrived at Beijing Railway Station, I was confused by the configuration of it. And the terrible crowd made it even worse. I wander about and have no idea about where I was. I tried to follow others and hoped I can find the way but failed. The signal of my phone was so bad that I can’t use Google Map. As I was surrounded by hopelessness, an old man noticed my situation. He leaded me to the exit and told me how to get subway and bus to my university. I didn’t hope to get help in a strange city before. So the old man made me impressive.
Nowadays, relation between people is more and more cold. But I think it important to help others since everybody have possible to get into trouble. If everybody help those people in trouble, it will solve many problems, and everybody will get help when themselves are get into trouble.
Helping each other will make people more closed and make our community more warm.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6457bdd2-c1a6-3501-a0a7-a4d919bca48c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember the moment when I got lost in the  raining night in Fuzhou.After I went off from the train,I took the wrong way to my friend`s home.My watch reminded me that the time is quiet late and there was no bus,no taxi,no even a fly,but the continuous rain.
I was in deep worry at that time because my mobile phone was in lack of charge,which keep me in a lose-touch state.I supposed that my friend maybe more worried for my being late.But there was nothing I could do!
And,luck enough,a light came into my sight,it was a car!And I reached out my hand,though,didn`t harbor too much hope because it was so late and the weather wasn`t be worse.But I was so luck that the driver is such a kind-hearted mid-age man,he picked me up,no "pick up" exactly,our destination was on oppoist derection!NO word could describle my appreciation!
His kind face rooted deeply in my mind,always remind me a little keen action can mean a very big to others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c1e1bfb2-35cc-3587-aa2b-35f518af2cfc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a high school student, I had a good friendship with all of my classmates especially with my roommates.
As I could recall, one day I had a bad fever but I had to have classes in the morning. After my roommates know my trouble, they try their best to make the room quiet in order to make me have a good sleep in the midday thought our room was always very active in the past. And they advise me which kind of medicine I should take. Up to now I am also very grateful to what my roommates did.
In this experience I realize that we could come to our friends rescue whenever they need us. Thought you just do a little for them. They probably have kept it in memory forever.
So everyone need this behavior not just me. And the society will become less harmonious because of the lack of assistant.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 09d34eb3-74cd-3a16-b7a4-31747958c51e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The  day  is  unforgetabale.I  had  to  run  as  much  as  possible  in  12  minutes  because  it  was  a
test  of  PE.It  was  so  difficult  for  me  to  run  just  200  meters  less  than  6  circles.However,  I did.
and  therefore,I  suffered  after  the  test.Paper  was  very  important  because  I  had  a  cold.She  gave  me a
bag  of  paper  without  doult. It  moved  me  very  much.Just  2  days  ago,I  did  not  help  her  when  she  was
eager  to  have  class.On  that  day,she  just  needed  someone  to  take  her  bench.I  sincerely  said:"Thank               you!"People  should  help  each  other.It  keeps  society  huminious  and  makes  heart  warm.Otherwise,the  world
is  cold  and  love  will  fade  away.It  is  horrible.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c4b10466-6d7c-305d-9502-44c7d4463d61> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Life can't always be well-off. We are due to have some difficult experiences in our life.
In my memory, the most impressed one was when I was 10. I went to a swimming pool. I couldn't swim far so I had to choose a suitable depth of water. The depth of water in the pool's shallow-watered section was just half metre, and I wanted to try a deeper section.
The least depth of the deep-watered section was 1.2 metres, and I was 1.4 metres tall, and I thought I could swim there. I dipped into the water and happily swan a distance.
When I felt tired, I found I was in the centre of the pool. Then something unexpected happened. When I my feet touch the ground, the water was over my head. It was really strange and frightening. Then I tried to get to the edge of the pool, but I found I was lack of strength. I started to drink water and felt really desperated.
At the moment, I felt I was grasped to raise over the water. It was a strong man. I felt I raised from hell to heaven.I was safe.
The man then got me to the edge. I appriciated him.
From the experience I learned that we should offer to help one who is in difficulty. We should learn to help, be warm-hearted. But not for the kind man, I dare not think of the terrible consequence.
If the society were lack of concern, people become cold-hearted and unkind, the world would be really cruel and very terrible. As a member of the society, we have the responsibility to make our social environment full of love. Where help needed, where help appears, where love appears.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0ebb5b7e-5ec9-3e8f-826f-f767201fce34> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
when talking about helping,I can't help thinking of an experience in labrary where a classmate help me find the books I want to borrow after I failed to find them several times.
This is a little thing about helping,but for me ,I think if we have the same warm heart to help others,the sociaty we live in will be more wonderful.
In daily life we always have to face kinds of difficult,some time we can't solve the problem by ourselves,at the time,we need others to help us,and when we get help we feel happy and thanksful . with helping each other ,we can make the life more warm and beautiful.
However,with out the helping of each other,the feeling of people will be more cold and detached,which make us feel trouble in doing something,and feel sad about the careless of the world.
Is there anyone who want to live in a cold world where others are careless when helping is needed?I think the answer is "none" .So ,when we find someone get into troubles we should do him a favor.
In a word,we need helping of others to make our work easier to be done,and the world need the helping of each other to be better!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 430c860c-92ba-3a86-bc75-eea886fb7c84> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We live in one world,so we have to get along with others.No one can finish one task perfectly just by himself.Therefore,it is very important to help each other.
I once went back home from school.But suddenly,it began to rain.It was raining cats and dogs.What worried me was that I forgot to bring the umbrella!Just then,a woman walked towards me and said:"I can sent you back home with my umbrella."I was really moved.So we walked together.I asked her why she offered to help me since she didn't know me.She just unswered:"While,heiping others is also helping myself.We all need help from others,so we should pass on the goodness."
Now,I still remember the woman's words deeply.It reveals a truth: since everyone needs help from others,we should be kind to others and offer to help those who are in trouble.If every one agree with it and do like it,our world will be harmonious and wonderful.In opposition,if we care none about others,every one will feel lonely and sad.We will have to do everything alone.As a result,we can't do things well.And the society will develop slowly,even stop developing.
To sum up,it really matters whether we are willing to help others.What we can do to help ourselves is to help others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 44b330ec-1e06-3da9-833f-41276c50a743> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When it refers to helping,memeory come flooding back.It was a tired but busy day when I steped into my college.Each of my roommates was accompanied by parents,except me.I came here alone.So I had to unpacked my two big luggages and put my clothes into the closet.But I was too weak to do it.When one of my roommates' father gave me a hand and I accomplished the task easily.
I think we all need help as well as offering help.In such a complex society,no one can live alone.Only if you are willing to help others,can you accept the help from them. In fact,every time you come to other's rescure,he will keep it in mind for a long time with a warm feeling,even a small thing.At the same time, the glorious thing will make you proud of yourself.
Assumming that we all live in our own world and ignore others, how the world will be like?I'm afaid it is a cold place where you can't find love and no matter how difficult the problem you are confonted with,you have to address it on your own because no one will help you.
To conclude, helping each other is a nice and must thing which we can't live without.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b2fabb35-43a6-3198-96ae-c2da95d3dc50> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is a tradition of China. We all helped others or were helped by others. It was a Friday afternoon, I went home from school by bus. I forgot to take my Municipal Administration and Communication Card with me, and I didn’t have any change. So I can’t take the bus home. When I was nervous, a stranger paid the bus fee for me and thanks for his generous and warmhearted I finally got home before my supper was cold. From then on I would help paying the bus fees for those who forgot take the bus card.
We all need to help each other, and when we are in trouble others would help us too. A society that no one cares about each other is unthinkable. If we live in a society like that, the only thing we can do is to impetrate the Almighty would help us solve the problem when we were in trouble. Without this character the world will full with self-serving and distant, the cooperation will break down, and all will be lost.
It’s lucky that we are not live in a world that had no warmness. In order to prevent our world become such a hell, the only thing we could do is help others when they were in trouble.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 27a600fb-16d2-3953-80e6-3d20894d76f7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As a member of society，we almost cannot live with others.And when we meet with trouble，we sometimes cannot get through only by ourselves--help from others becomes needed.
As a student in university，my grade was concerned.I found it difficult to find out the purpose of studying.So I always played truant and did something I'm interested in but doesn't make any sense.Then one day,a Tuesday afternoon，the time I should have had the math class，I was playing the computer.To be honest，I was in such a suffering that I couldn't concentrate on the attractive game I，because I neither wanted to study math which I don't know the meaning of，nor wanted to failed in the final exam.During my hesitation，a phone call from one of my friend told what I should do：go to the class and study hard，even if you don't know the meaning of studying，you won't regret afterwards.And the only one-minute phone call brought up a positive me.
People living in the society cannot live without others，so why not help others when they need it？You won't pain much,but the man be helped will be benefited a lot.Just like my friend，a simple enough phone call did not cost him a lot，but changed my living style heaveily.On the contrary，if everyone ignore other's calling for help，the society should not be called as it is，but a hell filled with selfish，unconcerned and so on，which a real people cannot live in.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c4b5524c-cddf-3928-b709-f53523ff351d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We meet problems every day.It sometimes will be difficult to settle them without help.I usually meet this situatiom.And I find that if someone comes to help me,the problems become easy.
I'd like to say an experience of my own.I used to be very shy and did't like to talk to others.So I felt lonely every now and then.But I was afraid to change.I thought it called for an enormous amount of courage.One day,I was doing my homework in the classroom.Unexpectedly,one of my teachers called me to go out.Then she talked a lot to me.She said you should do better since you were yourself.It's suprised me.I had never talked to her before.And then I tried to change myself.I just want to say she gave me much courage.
We should help each other and care about each other.If careness disappear one day,everyone living in society will lose faith in other and you will be steamrollered by the burden.No one would like to live in such a world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a3194b29-02e3-3299-b85c-b36be5a9fdc2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We all human live in one world,and we can't live without others help.People always meet many problems,but if someone can help us,we may get through the trouble more relaxed.
In my junior time,math is extremely hard to me.Although I work hard,I can get little progress in my study.One of my best friend Li Ming,he knows my trouble,so he spends any free time after calss giveming me his method on studying math.Sometimes he companied me at class room missing the dinner time.Under his helping,I get a good grade in my term examination.
Helping otehrs makes the world wonderful,and helping others will make you really happy even nothing return.If all people can help each other,there will be less pain,lonely,worry,and there will be more happiness,cheerful,and satisfaction.So that we can make the world we all live in more harmonious.
But,on the other hand,if we can't help each other,only askingmore from other people,but no giving.I can't imagine what situation the world will be,but I bet that there will be no one like the world.We will feel lonely even every one aroud us,and we will feel cold even the climate is exactly sunny.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0401172e-3893-3477-8237-158e569efaf3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are living in awonderful world , and there is no one can live beyond the society .So no one can deny that helping each other is essential.Helping each other is not only good for the people who are in need of help ,but also good for the society.Because helping each other can promote social harmony.
In my high school time ,there was a time that Physics was extremely  hard to me .I spent a lot of time on it,but there was nothing that was changed. Unfortunately ,it never rains but it pours. I had a stomacheache ,so I could't go to school for a few days. I felt so frustrated ,and I thought my physics was over.But things would never be worst like you thought. When my monitor knew this thing,he went to hospital tosee me .I was toughed by him. In my hospital time, my physics was increase in the contrary. So I am appreciate with his help.
I think helping each other is necessary in our world.For example ,since the earthquake shook the ground in Dujiangyan City ,Sichuan province ,thousands of people have lent a helping hand to those who are suffering.
If we don't help each other ,the world will become wose ans worse.
It will not help the progress of our society.And I think the will be damaged.So helping each other in our world is essantial.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 11dd89e2-1815-3c57-ba96-2889722f5209> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we know,no one can live happily without others'help.On the one hand,we need to gain help from other;on the other hand,we should also give them a hand.
In retrospect,I gained a lot of help from my friends.Once I was confronted with some questions that made me crazy ,after struggling for hours,I gave in and turned to my friend,Liu,for help.Beause of the college entrance examination,everyone was bustling,but Liu still helped
me throw light on the questions.He also tell me how to control my feelings when meet with troubles.I was moved and from that ,we helped each other in all respect.
Living in a big family,we people need to help each other to promote our life and the whole society.We gain more than we lose.It can make people kind and helpful,and finally the society will become more peaceful.
If we didn't help others in due course,what will our society like ?I can't dare to imagine.Everyone is so selfish so that ourstudy,work,even life can't continue .We may have no friend and live a lonely life.
So from now on ,for our beautiful life ,we need to help each other when anyone is in trouble.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8c934084-7531-3fe6-8a7f-492af9bad1cc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone would meet all kinds of troubles among his life and there will always be someone who is ready to help you.
For me,an example is once when I was going to come by ong of my old friend whose home I hadn't go to for a long time,I found I poorly missed.what's worse,I didn't take my moblie phone.Suddenly,a papa asked me if I need any help.I told him that I was missed and where I want to arrive.Then he warmly lead me to my friend's home and it's really helps.
As we live in a commmon society,we should help each other and care for each other so that it would help to build a more hormous atmosphere and we could let troubles away.The says is said that "More people has more humorous power"so help others,we would be more powerful.
When it comes to its opposite side, same to say if the society is poor of  help among people,it would lead to terrible situations.Like olds live alone  and no one put them up when pull down in the street.It also can be seen the higher and higher crime rate.Can you stand live in such a society?Of course not.So  start help the one appear inside your life,which help you own a happier live.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7b2afc6e-bce5-3987-8eda-510f7a861146> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I attended junior high school,Iwas very frustrated because I can
hardly figured out what the teachers said. I was nearly abandon myself when my deskmate,a hard-working and deserving student, offered to help me with my study.when the class was over,we talked about the homework and reviewed the notes,careful and painstaking.With the help of him, my study mark improved.I am so thankful to him.
From the story of me, I think people should help each other.When others get stuck in a plight ,we are supposed to offer our help immedietly.As far as I am concerned, it doesn't matter if help do work,it dose matter we have the thought of helping others.
Try to think about it: if the society lack care and help,What will happen? It is just like the dessert of emotion. we can't imagine people see others' trouble and let it alone .we can't imagine people
can see the tradegy and pass by for it is none of their business. nothing can be more terrifying than people's coldness.We need care and
favor to keep ourselves warm.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6fd81491-9445-37e2-b3da-76ef8e9ec220> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day,after reading books the whole day in library,I returned home,only to find my wallet,which included my important things and 1000 yuan,gone.My heart sank and immidiantly looked for my wallet down the road on which I had returned home just now. It started to rain.I observed an old man whose hand hold a wallet like mine standing under a tree waiting anixously.When hearing my explain about the wallet,he say:"it's of you,I find it when I was sweeping the road.I know it is important to its owner so I stand here waiting for you ."
I was moved by his saying ,he was a great man.
The society needs love and  help among people .If the society lacked help and love,my wallet would have never been fonnd.I could not image how a lot of the old and the poor survior if nobody help them.If there were not help among people ,the society would have any warm.Do you want a warm or human society or a cold animal's life?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0a2a5d89-a07f-3ed3-8a3e-0201045992b2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all know,nobody can live without other`s help in society,and everyone has experience that he is helped.Last summer,I came to Beijing
for the first time,and it was also the first time I took subway.When I
stood in the subway station with a ticket in my hand and didn`t konw how to use it,a stranger told me the right way and help me get in the
subway.Also it`s so normal,but I still felt warm.
Live in the same world,we should live in harmony.Everyone should help each other and care each other.Only we can theat it as a habit can we have a better life.
Of course,I am afraid to imagine a world without help,without care,   without love.If that,we have to live lonely.I think nobody wants to find another YaoJiaxin. In a word,let`s start to help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 570147f7-eba1-3f84-987d-67f96ca31c31> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I remember clearly that time my friedn helped me in the suitble time .That was a winter,of which the weather was cold.However,as Iwas a newcomer of the school,I don't know exactly the climate here,I felt sick everyday as the cold climate. And then,my friend came,he told me the climate of Beijing detailly and gave me some winter clothes.I was very grateful for his help and felt better after that.
It is of great importance to help each other.Everyone has a difficult time,if you help others,the same thing will happen on you when you need help.That's to say,helping others is helping ourselves.But what if there is no help in the world? When you are in trouble,you can only depend on yourself,you'll fell helpless and be depressed to the world.
So,give others a hand when they're in trouble,make them warm when they're cold.Only by doing this,can the society be harmony,can our life be meaningful and wonderful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5486a0ee-6e14-3c0d-bfe9-425df18f9077> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As social creature,we human beings can not live without the help from other people,for everybody could have to face up with troubles more or less.
For instance,when I first enter the senior high school,I find it hard catch up with what my teachers had said.It took me nearly two months to get used to it.During this period,things struck me over and over again so much so that I even attached less value to my study.It was a hard time when I really regarded myself as a loser till I encounter Lee.He was aslo a fresh just like me.As he said,this was just a process of adjustment which took time.Moreover,the process
equaled a marathon.Those who persisted was the real winner.Hearing his encouragement,I felt much better.Fortunately,after many days' hardwork,he and I finally became the "winner",for which I was pretty thankful.
From this story,we maybe will learn that it's the help between each other but not single fighting that counts and bring a lot of benefits to us.As far as I'm concerned,only does everyone care for each other and help each other can we overcome the difficulties that surround us and be successful.On the other hand,lack of this,what will the future society be like? Maybe it's hard to imagine.So let's hold our hands help each other and make the society more peaceful and efficient.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5912ddaf-6e62-369d-b5cc-d36e335af0d2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
when I was Senior 3, I used to play football with my classmates.And
one day,unluckily, I hurt one of my leg badly.Painful and tired , I
didn't know how to move to the school hospital.At this time,my classmates came up and helped me arrived at the hospital.
This thing plays an important role in my life.Until to now ,I still
remember it and it still remind me of the thing that if you can,try you
best to help others.
From my point of view,we should help ench other and care each other
in our daily life.we should provide people in trouble with our love and
help.If we everyone can do this,our world will be more beautiful and
harmonious,which is wished by everyone.
Assuming that if the sociaty was lack of help among people,what would
our world be like?there will be nobody that want to help poeple who
are caught in fire ,earthquack and flood so that there will be more
and more people die of these.Supporting that if you forgot to bring
your wallet and there was no one being willing to lend you even five yuan,
how would you feel,good or bad?
To conclude, I think we all should learn to help each other .If everyone
can do this,the world we live in will become more and more
harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9f7d8730-d98c-34f0-8522-4957c361afbb> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last sunday,my friends in Wuhan came to Beijing to visit me.I decided to show my school to them so we took the line 3 bus after geting out of the Tiantongyuan North Station.When the bus arrived at the last station,I was shock by what I see.There was Hongfuyuan,not Wendushuicheng where my school is oppisite.I did not know there were two kinds of line 3 bus and how to go back to my school.I told it to my friends and we are very worried.I was very embarrous.Seeing I was worried,an old woman went to me and took us to my school.How good she was.I could not imagine what would happen if she did not help me.When we said thank you to her,she said it is her duty to help others.We were
moved and thanked her again.
Betwee love connects the heart of people.We should help each other and care for each other.If not,people will be strangers and do not have
true friends and we will be lonely.So,let us care for every arround us
and make our societ better and better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 78e8c5f4-1084-3f82-9ebd-4d06e72761d6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping others is a happy thing.Be help will be warm.On other day,i went to supermarket to buy some things,but i forgot to take my money.That's very embarrassing.Fortunately,i met one my classmate,and he lent me some money decently.SO later i got on well with him.
On one hand,helping others can help us build a good friendship,on the other hand,it will make society more harmonious.So,we should to help each other and care for each other.
It's very important for us to help each other.If our society lack of care about each other,our society will be cold and detached.And we will meet all kinds of difficulties .When you in trouble,you can only depend on yourself.It's such a cruel thing.
Boys and girls,let's get others a hand when they're in deep waters.Let's try our best to help each other and care for each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 529cb5c0-6ac0-3b28-8d87-8a8362fef60c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Going through the world which now become too cold and too unresponsive,it's of the most importance to emphasize the value of helping each other.
It's just a year before.I stayed alone on weekends.There was an group-made activity on traveling and everyone was  discussing it somewhere.However,I was ignored.I was longing for someone's ask,but I'm still alone.Hardly did I turn off my phone and tried to sleep when I recieved a call,from a classmate I never carefully dealt with.To my surprise,he asked me if I could join them.I was in such a move that I failed to say anymore except for "Thank you".Just a call throwed light on my weird world.
But nowadays,when I entered the college,I found it that most people rarely have the patience to spare their time and help others.Maybe we are too busy to notice more,but we are in community and we can't live without social network.To strenthen our ties,we must help each other.
Being indifferent,we will fail to enjoy our own life.
As a great relief,more and more people recognized the terrible consequence of being selfish.If everyone become helpful,our world can grow better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7a1d5608-b072-3910-af05-058527fe12e8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Someone famous said:"The history of human beings is a history of wars."But,if you look into the  heart of the world,you
will find there is full of love.
Three years ago,it was a night when my parents and I came back home form our vacation.The light of my dad's car broken down,but to go home quickly ,my dad drove fast.Then,we had an accident and my dad was hurt seriously.I was scared at that time,and the same with my mom.Thanks to a pass-by taxi driver,he took us to a hospital and saved my dad.However,I don't even know his name.
So,even people doo't know each other,when one of them is in trouble,the others should give him a hand.Like this,we can have the power to defend all of the natural disasters.
I can't imagine a world where no one is willing to help others, if it really exists,I think ,it must be the hell.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4a745cf9-649f-3a79-b44b-d4fa5d82e6b2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I'm Lee.I'm a worker,or definitely,a farm-worker.I hate the name,for I feel I'm humiliated by the employer when they call me at that.
I'm on the way home on a train.Ididn't know how to buy the tickets via the Internet,so I had to wait in a line since the day before yesterday.Fortunately I got a standing-ticket.ALthough it means I have to stand all the way for around
30 hours,I already feel so satisfied.
The girl who just sits beside me might be a student,reading after the train was set out.At the daylight we had some eye-contacts,what I got was only escaping ,or scaring?I have been treated in this way for many times in the Big Cities.I'm used to it.In their eyes,farm-worker equals the poverty,dirt and diseases.
In fact,I was too tired after waiting in a line for that much time,but I also have something to insist.I would just stand firmly until the destination.
The lights closed,I nearly lost control of myself and fell asleep.Suddenly,the girl touched my arm,and moved inside,just said gently,"sit together,please."At that moment,I found the world was still full of love,I was just cheated by some bad people who always looked down on the others.
I can't imagine what if the world is lack of help.Everyone might be a single one,and the world would turns into pieces.I believe one would receive much more than giving!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0496136c-1365-33f4-aba1-1283b750ae79> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all know,the more people help each other,the better our world
will be.So,today let`s talk about helping each other.
First of all,I want to tell you a story about me.One day,when the bus I had been waited for a long time came,I was so sorry to find that I had no money.Luckily,a woman behind me found the trouble on me,so she helped me to pay for the bus.I was so happy and I will never forget the warm-hearted woman.
So,in my opinion,people should help each other and care about each other whenever someone were in trouble.Only in this way,we will make things better and our world will be more beautiful.
However,what will our society be if there is no help in the world?
It would be terrible and dark.People woule only care about themselves and we would find everything is hard to do well only by ourselves.Do you want to live in that world? I know your anwser is no!It is clear that our world will not work as before if there is no help in the world.So, let`s help others when they are in trouble.
At last,I want to say,the world is full of beauty because of healping each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 28059dae-e69b-378e-affa-3af6af0e8006> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In one's life,there will be lots of troubles and difficults.Many of them are easy to solve,but some tuoubles are not able to come over by self-reliance.Therefore,you have to learn to ask for help from others.
For example,when I was a middle school student,I have a big problem in studying English.In consequence of failing the English exam for several times.I lost my confidence in studying English,and I was even too shy to speak this language in public.It was one of the most terrible time in my life.However,my English teacher come to my rescue in time.She had a heart to heart talk with me and realized my delimma.She helped me not only in studying English but also with my daily life.Thanks to her love,I become optimstic and hardworking again.
In my opinion, it is necessary to have a greatful heart  in our daily life.And it is everyone's duty to help those who are caught in troubles.After all,love is the most powerful weapon that human have.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4a66da79-c236-3b5b-8d31-535fd1af0b1d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a telling experience that when I was in touble and a stranger help me out.
It was a Sunday afternoon,I was alone and waiting at the bus station with many other people that I didn't know. When bus came, all people were eager to get on it as soon as possible. When it was my turn and I'm ready to pay for my ticket, I found my wallet was gone. It was stolen of cause. People waiting behind me were complaining.I was so embarass at that time and didn't know what to do.Suddenly, one of the passengers, a young lady, came to me and paid the ticket for me. I was so thinkful and expressed my appreciates to her all the way home.
Through this thing,I do think we should help and care about others all the time whether we know each other or not. When we offer our help, we not only give the methods to the problem, but also give the warmth to the heart.
If one is in touble and nobody gives him a hand or just see and pass by, our society would no longer be a hamonious society. The relationship of people would just be cold and simple.
In one word, we should be ready to help others and make our society  a better place to live.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2db8d664-e953-35cf-be7d-3fe758671573> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In retrospect these nineteen years in my life.I find whoever need help and should assit others.because everyone will have difficulty in something more or less.in this way,we shuold learn to help each other.
In my life,there is a thing that make a deep impression on me,it's take place in my age of 16.At that time,I was studying in a odinary class,but I'm eagering to take part in the advanced class and my math is bad.Although I hard work everyday and always can't improve.I'm so worried and depression.At that monment,It's him,he encourage me and help solve my questioned homework everyday.After a month,I attain a great marks and joined the dreamed class in the finnal text.now,I want to say you,thank you JingAiYun!
From then on,I'm determined to come other's rescue when he or she is in trouble.I learned anyone should help each other,care for together.
conversely,if the social is short of warmth from other's concern,everyone only think of himself,haven't interpersonal solicitude.The world will be full of distant and not have warmth.To set up a nice family of each other,to helping each other anytime,anyone,anywhere.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 90c54a4b-7c06-38d1-ac20-35b95fd6d3c6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone in the society should help each other.Giving others' a favor shows one's good moral.Once, I lfet my mobile phone in the classroom. I found the dispear of the mobile phone when I walked outside the teaching building. Anxiety and sadness filled in my heart. I rushed back to the classroom, tring to find my mobile phone back. With the terrible feeling, I ran to the classroom.To my surprise,my friends came back as well.They helped me find my phone through the classroom.Though the classroom is large, I found my phone immidiately with their help.Till now, I can't image if they didn't give me a favor. It is their help that get me out of the trouble.
According to my story, I find it critical to give each other a hand when they need help.We should care about each other at any time.On the one hand, it shows your warm heart and willing to help others. One can't do anything without other''s help. Giving other's a hand may be a piece of cake to you, but a biog favor to others. On the other hand, if the society lose this kind of warm heart or careful thoughts, it may bring about plenty of problems. First ,the relationship between each other would be faded. People has no thoughts of helping others in their mind.They will become cold , lonly and don't even want to get in touch with others.Finally they will become a cold blood animal.Next, the ethos will become worse. Most person in this society would be a cold-heart watcher. The justice dispear and society become death.We may not be a great person but we can choose to be a good person.
Helping others is not a big deal but a meaningful action to others.We should keep doing it all the time.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c60ea710-a23d-390e-95b4-c69d55570b0e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is one of the most glorious tradition of our nation.
I can't never forget the time when my foot was hurt in a P.E. lessen.I had jumped up to catch the ball while a classmate rushed into me.So I lost my balance and hurt my foot seriously.It was so hurt that I couldn't walk anymore.Thank you for two of my friends,they immediately called the teacher for help and then supported me in their  hands and took me to the hospital.
It's only a small affair,isn't it?But I feel very grateful every time I recall it.I believe that every one will feel the same way like me when others come over to help.People helping people is sonething I feel deeply connected to.It can give others who are in touble the brightest hope and make the society more and more harmonious.
If everybody cares about himself only,the world will become a cold ice hole.There is no friendship,no warmth and no love.People would feel lonely and helpless.At that time,the world may come to an end.
So please help others when they need your help!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6b3bf5a4-ab43-3982-8dbe-daf606d7fdf8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Eight years ago,when I was in grade four,our school had a math exam.Before the exam,I suddenly found that I didn't take the ruler.I became very nevous.I asked the students around me,but they all took one ruler.A student asked me if I had a ruler,I shook my head.He took out his ruler,divided it into two,and gave one of them to me.After the exam,I thanked him a lot.And in that exam,I got a high score.
In my opinion,when we see someone is in trouble,if we can help him,we shoule try our best.If everyone can do this,when we are in trouble,
there will be many people to help us.So many problems would not be problems.
But if we don't care for each other,eyeryone only think about themselves,the world would be short of love.What will the society be?I
can't image.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 401d22cd-6edc-3ce3-b0e1-0932ad3558af> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Each of us will face some difficulties in our life.Sometimes we can solve the problem by ourselves.However,most of them are too tough to deal with.We need help.
It happened in last semester.
At the last week of my first term in university,I had several exams,such as math and English.When having my English test,I found I had forgotten to take my pencil.And no one would take more than one pencil to the test,I think so at least.Having no ideas and watching the time running,I nearly got mad.I had to ask a student besides me.But I didn't expect he could lend his pencil to me because the time was not enough and he seemed not fininshing his answer card.To my surprise,he did it.We didn't know each other before.With the help of him,I fininshed my paper in time.So did he.
This is only a little story,but it moved me deeply.A stranger can do this for me.Why can't I help my friends and the people around me?We all need care and to care about others.Can you imagine how our world would go if there was no help and no cares in the daily life?It must be cold,freezing cold and our society will surely be in deep darkness.No one would like to live in this society.So we should help the people stuck in troubles.Only in the way,can we have sunshine everywhere in our life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b47694b3-a743-30ec-9d0a-eb5102c274ab> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I think I won't forget that memorable day.It's on 14th,January,2012,when I still stayed at our school.At about 3:00 a.m.,suddenly I had a great stomache.I feel so painful that I waked upanother roommate.With his help,I went to the hospital successfully.
There isn't any other people at our floor,so I really don't know how to deal it without his help.
In this world,I think we humans should help each other and care for each other.And in my opinion,help and love makes great contributions to our society's development.Others' help and love makes our hearts warm and gives us the courage to walk foaward!
Just suppose that we don't help each other and don't care for others.Then nobody would take care of you when you are ill,and nobody would care about your feelings when you are hurt by him or her.What's worse,the crime rate in the world must be very high.That's very terrible!
In order to have a wonderfui society,we humans need to help and care for each.Only in this way,can we enjoy a good life,isn't it?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fde5fb32-b788-3d82-b43e-22b9e5e051b3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I am a student.What happened in my daily live was nearly the same,boring but neccesary .But the accident happendedin several weeks ago hitted my heart a lot.
It was a weekend. And our class would have a party in thisday. Every -one felt happy, expect me. Maybe you will ask me why!The answere was that I was ill. I felt no strength at that time so that I coundn't get
up,which means I could only lay on the bed. Several minites later, some
of them felt a littel strange. Our moniter asked me what happend and give me a hand. If he dosen't help me at that time,I think I will be
hungry but can not eat anything.
In my thought, everyone should help the others when they are in need.
Also they should care for the others. If the world have no love. Every
-one will live just like a stone.And the world won't be in untill now.
Help others at the due course,and you will find that they are happy, which can make you feel happy,too.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2d2056b3-99b8-3414-89b1-cf742a236f34> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Yesterday,When i was doing my c++ exercices,a problem came up.I countn't reach my goal for hours no matter what i had done!then my roommates all gathered together!everyone anounced his opinion!As quickly as we can ,the problem was solveed !Thanks for the helps from my brothers! In fact,we are aways accepting others' help !you can't do anything on your own.when you sit in the classroom which is cleanned several times,that's the help from the cleanner !when you take the fast 3 line bus ,the help from the driver is recieved! so we get help everywhere! In return ,we should also help others who need it !
Let's imagine ,what could our world be without helping each other? we may have to do anything by yourself!what is that mean ?how could you get food ?you grow rice on your own !how could you get clothes? you produce shirts ,dress for youself !and other things we need in our daily life !can you finish this mission that nearly can't be done ? i want to say : I CAN'T !and i think you are the same !so ,put youself in the place ,just remember ,helping others is helping ourselfes!
So ,be keen to help each other !live a better life !

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6b3118dd-e69b-323e-83ae-00d28d371a1b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The thing happened when I was buying a bus ticket to go home.Suddenly I found my wallet had gone.Without my wallet,I didn't know how could I arrive home successfully.Therefore,I was so nervous that I forgot that I was in line.I didn't move until the man behind reminded me.And he asked,"What's the matter?"I told him what happened.Then he calmed me down,and helped me look for it without any hesitation.Luckily,I found my wallet near the shop where I had gone.There was no doubt that I couldn't have gone back home without his help.
So it's important to help and care about each other for us.Maybe it doesn't mean a lot for you to give a hand,but it can be very important for those who are in trouble and need help.Without helping each other,the society would be mess and people would only care about themselves,then they will choose to do anything if the thing is beneficial for them.Therefore we can't live without helping each other.
Last but not the least,remember to be ready to help others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6dce4a7d-7430-3eef-bb6f-61b9f60aa4a9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As the saying goes , helping others is helping yourself. Everyday we may meet with any frustrations and difficulties.If we are always ready to help others, other poeple will come to our rescue , too.
During the last winter , I got a bad cold. But I'm deeply touched by my roommates , who assisted with my study and offered to buy meals for me . since then, I knew helping and caring for others could make a big difference in our life . Supposing that we help each other ,there will be less coldness and unfair ; If we care for each other , we can live in peace and harmony .
However , on the contrary, if we don't care about anyone around us ,the world will be full of coldness and sadness .
So, let's help each other. If we do like that ,we can have a brighter and more wonderfull world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b9a2d26b-5a4e-32c7-8e9f-754851240e9d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In the beautiful world,there exist many fantastic things,one of which is the help of each other.None can do be luck all the way,therefor everyone need the help of others.
Taking one of my experience for example.One day I drived my bike to home as usual.Unfortunately, the bike was broke down in the half way.I don't know how to do beacause it's very far from home. I had no choice but to go home on foot.Tired and unhappy,I  walked nearly an hour.Luckily,I met one of my friends.He was so kind that he lent his bicycle to me.I was  deeply moved,even though the place where he lend me his bike me was so near to his home. What a kind boy!From then on,I am ready to help others all the time.Besides I will help others as possible as I can.
The society requires us to give oher people a hand.So we humanship should help each other,care about each other.What our society will be if all of us lack in concerning others?I can't image how awful it will be.So try your best to help the people sorronds you.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID eee18336-e2b1-381b-85eb-5448d7870222> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We all meet trouble every now and then.Sometimes we can come over it by ourselves.But sometimes we need others' help to solve a problem.
One day,I met a difficult question which I had been working on it
for a long time but couldn't work it out when doing my mathes homework.
So I turned to my friend Xiaoming for help.He was so clever that he
worked it out in a few minutes and told me how to do it.I was thankful
for his help because I not only finished my homework but also saved much time.I couldn't work the question out without Xiaoming's help.And
sometimes I help Xiaoming with his English lesson.
Since everyone needs help from others,we should be helpful and ready to help others who need our help.Helping others is neccassary to
both people in need and ourselves.
We can imagine that if our society is lacked of helping hands,people couldn't do anything and even couldn't live.Because one thing is always conected with another thing.So do humans.One is always influenced by someone else.For example,new knowledge is based on the old knowledge discover by the formers.Without their work,we cannot make progress.
So,being helpful is not only a good spirit but also is of great important to the society. If everyone is helpful,our life will be easier,more colorful ,and happier.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d36be948-4060-305d-84f0-8008d524c60e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone know that we often have difficulty in doing someting in our daily life. But if we are received some help by someone when we meet some problem, the problem will be easy to slove.
I remember that I was playing football when we was having a PE class. Because I have played so long that I was wore up. Suddenly, I broke my leg when I kiched the ball. I was absoutly in pain, and I could't stand up. However my classmates helped me stand up and take me to the school hosipital.If my classmates hadn't helped me get to the hosipital,my leg couldn't recorvy so quickly, and I would miss more class.
Everyone will have difficulty in life,so we should give help to others. We should take care of others who met some difficult, and the one will help us when we have difficult sometime in return.
If everyone won't help others and take care of others in sociaty,we will be very hard to go through the hard time by ourself when we meet some problem. If nobody help the disable people,The bline will acorss the stress difficuly,and the people who have no leg will not walk anywhere.
so we should have no doubt that to help each other, and take more care of each others.  let our life be more colorful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 74b8b7c0-c10d-3178-b446-388b45e4ed16> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
when I was young,the truth of helping other was telling by all my teachers and families.It's like the truth of sun rise on the east would never be changed.
I won't never be forget one night on my early age.I always go home alone when the class is over.But that night I go home late because I was pulished by teacher to finish all the homework. when I finish it and go out the school gate.It's raining and darkness.I hurried to go home.But It's occured to me that too late to bus is unavailable.I can't hold my tears and don't know how to do.Only cried in  the bus stop.Finally,my teacher finds me and take me to dinner .I have never forget the beatiful woman who she emerges and gives me brave .
Frankly speaking ,helping each other is the truth of chinese tradition.if the things of helping each other become fewer around us,we will not feel warm from others.And there never have heart to heart talking between us.In that time,we will lose all the love from human.
In any rate,the love and careful between human is needed.we should helping each other and care each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 50618925-c31c-3cb8-9de6-a426ff995998> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I am a college student who is keen on sports.In shool,I like to play  football with my classmates.One day,while my classmates and I were excited at playing football at the court,the ball went far away from us.To fetch back the football,we must have quite a long walk.On the course of I intending to get back the ball,a tender girl picked up the ball,and threw it to us with a smile.We all feeled thanks to her.Athough this is a small thing,her spirit of help is not that small.
In our life,we should help each other with smile,it not only make ourselvse happy,but also make others feel warm and the world will be beautiful and colorful.So,why not help others and harvest a win-win outcome?
But if the world lacks help,what will hanppen?No one can image.But we can kown one thing,that is our life will never be warm,just like there was no sunshine in our daily life.
So,let's help each other with our passion,and shine the world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f26253cc-09f6-3da7-8b4d-cded1c0e7c27> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Nowsdays,the social economy has been developing qucikly,and people's life is more and more colorful. However, the relationshiip among the people is cold and detached. What should we do to modify the situation? The best anwser is that people should help and care each other.
So far, I could remember the lucky thing hanppend to me. It was a morning when I went to school by bike.On my way, I biked by one hand and sang a song. Suddenly, there is a car appearing in my right directions and I was hurt, but the driver didn't look at me and ran away. Fortunately, a passer-by witnessed this scene and he took me to hospital immediately.Finally ,I was just slightly hurt.I much thanked to the man .From then on, I usually helped people around me,and got along well with them.
If the society is short of concerning about other, what the society will become? I don't konw. But only I know that helping each other can make our society more fragrant.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 776caddc-6f94-34a5-9218-ff5b0f96f9a0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
This world is full of difficulties, thus we all need help sometime.
When I was 15 years old, one day my mom and I went shopping and we were separated by the crowd. I was lost and scared. Luckily, a kind lady help me out, she asked me and lent me the mobile phone, which helped me find my mom. I will be grateful forever.
People ought to help each other, care about each other, and love each other. Pushing the barriers, planting the seeds of love is what we are supposed to do. That’s how this world can be more beautiful.
If the society is lack of kindness and care, there is no love around, just people with selfish mind thinking about their own benefits.I can’t imagine what the world will be like this, and I hope we will never know.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2c3a069a-f686-3054-bd7c-c7f4071abef8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is the virtue of our country. Surrouding by the helpful atmosphere,it always gives us a warm feeling.
Still rememberring that programme class.In short time, the graceful teacher described all the main point of the class,and she, with a sweet smile,assigned us a large amount of assignments as homework.Totally didn't understand the class , I stared at the book
despairingly.At the critical moment,Sarah showed up.Patiently she explained all the main point to me over and over again until I got it.It is very kind of her.For years,her  sweet smile , smart face and the warm feeling still flowed in my mind.
Considering this,shouldn't we give a help and care to each other? We are classmates,we are friends,what's more,we are a big family.Everyone will face a trouble in due course.Provided,we help each other and face the trouble together,is there anything can beat us?
Last but not least,you can imagine,without help,what will the society become? I believe it must be an indifferent world.At the same time,everyone will experience an enormous pain.Don't you think so?
In all,let's give a hand to someone who really need it.I believe with the help of each other,our sky will be more blue and the world we live in will be more warm and more beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 122f8c61-f793-3737-b910-5c8cbc1c0928> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Our society consists of so many people and everyone is linked together.No one could live alone without the help of others.
The help of others give us warmth during some time .Take an example of mine ,when I come to the university for the first year,I had  a serious cold because of the unadaptment to the weather .Thanks to the help of my roommates ,I cured very quickly. Every one should give help and in return they can gain help from  others.Only if everyone gives his love and care our society could be warm .
If everybody refused to give their help ,our society will be cold an the pace of development will slow down because of the less of coorporation an help .
So, don't be  chary to give your help and care to others .It is  the base of our life and also the others'.Always remember that what you give equals to what you can gain and the little help you can give to the other may help them a lot .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 48fe2913-62f0-360e-8110-68c169d8a7cb> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in high school,I always took a bus to school.It was several stops from my home to my school,not very far,but it was a relaxing time
of a whole day.
One Monday morning when I woke up,it was already 7 o'clock and there was only half an hour left to go to school!I rushed out home in ten minutes and soon a bus came.Before I got to the bus,I found I forgot my money.Perhaps the girl behind me felt that I was nervous,she immidiately knew my condition.She gave 1 yuan to me so that I successfully took the bus and got school at 7:25.
Maybe 1 yuan is very small for most people,maybe the thing that the girl did for me is also very small,but as I can see,it is of great
importance.In our everyday life,the things that we help each other occur everywhere,and we need those things.We ought to try our best as we can to care about the people around us to make our sociaty better.
On the other hand,if there is only coldness left,can you imagine what  the world will be like? At that time,maybe we can't stand staying on our planet any longer.
Helping each other is a beautiful thing and it can bring happiness
to the people and the world.Do you help others today?~

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b492d43d-c2c0-3ad1-a39b-1726b3fd6d3c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
From the first day I came to university,I began to feel sad.It was the first time all the thing should be done by myself.And I never left my parents such long tinme before.
Sorry,I'm just a girl attached to the home strong.
During these days,life was dark.My roonmates already had been lived in flats with classmates in their high schools.So they just didn't feel any uncomfortable .I felt  lonely.
But,fornatunately,there is a high school classmate named Jun entered BUPT with me.I just can talked  about my troubles with him,the only person I kewn well in the university.He said a lot of things to me ,encouraged me to be independent.He said:"All the things you are facing are things you must face,you can never escape from them,the people around you will help you.But you must do them by yourself." And he really give me an enormous  amount of courage .
Now,I'm already felt happy about my college life.
Have you ever help others?have you ever received help from others? Don't you feel the world is full of sunshine ?
But just think about things like these :if you were stolend by thief,if you were lost your way ,if your parents or your daughter didn't appeared more than one week but no body cared and nobody help you, what's your feelling?
The society is consist of many kinds of people,everybody has his or her own ieads.But the common ieads between us should be:helping each other.If everyone just do everything for himself ,the society will like an ice.We will feel cold ,and then,nobody can lived warm and  happy anymore.
Let's help each other,you will smile and find sunshine aroud you all the time.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 35954011-ebb8-3da0-8e15-4842040f1540> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Living in the world,everybody will meet difficulties.Trying our best to help others can make the world warm.
As everybody knows,Grade 3 is a struggling time for senior high school students,which is full of difficulties.At the begining of Grade 3,I did very bad in all exams.One day after school,I was so sad and walked along a river.Thinking of the results if I got low grades in the College Entrance Exam,I feel that my life was of no value.Suddenly,my classmate Tim,who was the best in our school, spotted me and chatted with me."I know you feel bad about  exams",he said,"but we still have nearly a year to fight for our dream.Let's study together and I will help you if you have problems."Tears ran out of my eyes anf I couldn't speak even a word. Time goes by and we have studied together for a whole year.Because of his helpness,I became one of the top students in the end.
We,people,living in the world full of difficulties.One person is easy to be defeated,but it is not easy when a group of people are standing together.We may face to problem from nature,enermy or even form ourselves,and we should help each other to overcome these problems.This is the only way to make everybody lead a happy life.
If we don't help each others, others will not help you,and the world will be so terrible without helpness and love from others.Nothing will be achieved if this thing happened.The old,the disabled will not survive and we,the people, will as same as dogs,just look for their own food.
Helping each others as you can,and that is helping yourself.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fd68d224-24ff-3916-ad22-1be5a4557ef8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There was a unforgetable experience in my mind.
It happened when I was a child.After playing soccer at school,riding my bike home,I was so tired that I could't fix attention on the road.Suddenly,my bike knocked into a stone,and I fell down from the bike.
Tired and sad, seeing my broken bike, I laid on the ground, hoping to find a way to go back home,but finally i was failed. Then, to my
surprise, a stranger run to me and help me stand up.He was so warmhearted and kind.After knowing my trouble，he checked on my bike skillfuly and soon fixed it up.At that moment, I was deeply impressed by the man who help me, and I could't forget him until now.
After experiencing the accident, I realized that it's of importance
to help each others, and to do good to people in need.
We really need to help each others, and take good care of the
people surrounding us.
If we live in a world without the care from others, what kind of society will we have? I can clearly image the deep gap between one to another.Each one in the society is hardhearted and untruthful. Each one have a mask on the face. No one in this world likes to help others,of course no one can receive help from others.If i live in a world like this, i'm sure i can't live happyly,even i can't live much longer.
So ,let's take good care of others. Only in this way can we make our world better and beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9fa4b6dd-e653-3ada-9578-94e04ef68c08> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The historical wheel go towards everytime,but sometimes,we find that the relation and communication between people go back exactly.
I remembered that It's the summer holiday last year,I went on a trip to Zhaji alone.Zhaji is a beautiful place that haven't been developed deeply,at there,the native people were very fine and kindhearted,they will tell you how to save your money and play to your heart's content.They help you willingly,they care for your life at there not for money.I konw what is the beauty of human nature.  Come back to urban city,I'm sad to find that we become more and more distant with people around,the fact is too cruel to accept.
We live in one world,one society,we can't forget the nature to be a human being!What we need,is to blend in all the people you meet.All the people need help,no one is invincible like god,only if we help each other,and get together,we could make our life better.
Try to imagine,if everyone only think for himself,there's no trust in the world,throw away our care,what do we have left?This is not exaggeration,to have a better tomorrow,we need the good relation among people.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 968261b5-3f4c-349e-afa8-76bbafb9219d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The society consists of individuals, but the meaning of the society is the interpersonal relationship, especially something like helping each other.
I'm a travel lover and I'm keen on going to someplace on my own. Once I was in place which is complete strange to me, I kind of lost my sence of direction and I could find little information through the Internet because that place is not that famous. While I was in a total mass, a native farmer found my confusion and asked me what happened. I felt like being rescued at that time. Later the enthusiastic man served me with some food and helped me find the station.
It's a fantastic experience, without that kind man I wouldn't manage it anyway. There are many occasions in the life when we need others' help or others too. Everyone should hold out his hand to those who are in difficulty. Not only the one helped will get out of the trouble, the helper can also experience a good feeling of satisfaction.
In opposition, if everybody only cares about himself, the society will be horrible. I can't imagine that kind of world, people are all selfish and have no smile on the face, they walked quickly through the street and know nothing but themselves. Lacking help bewteen people will lead to a meaningless society.
All in all, we should help each other and build the society full of harmony together. Let's go for it from now on!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3426942d-6579-3594-a77a-04b888c7d2bc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
T have remember clearly the small incident happened when I was 10. One day after school,my parents were 50 minutes later to pick me up from school.I know clearly how anxious I was there.But after 15 minutes ,my friend , Mike ,found that I wasn't picked up.He offered to  let his parent drive me to his home and treat me a big meal.I was so grateful of his help that later he became one of my best friends.
10 years as it passed ,I am still grateful of his help.Maybe some people may think it a small thing ,and Mike may havealready forgottten about it.But  to a 10-year-old child ,it means a lot at that moment.I hold the notion that human beings should respect and help each other.Where there is kindness,there is hope.A world ,without care and kindness,is no longer a world.What is left would be apartness and self-serve.That is horrible!
Now ,it is time we built our harmonious world with our heart filled with thankness and goodness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 28d35648-4168-3436-a374-f1b1b963bba0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our society,we all need help.When I was 9 or 10 years old,I ever lost a bag in school that had books and money in it.It is so important that I was very worried about it.After I told my deskmate about that,he soon called on many classmates to help me.I really remembered that day.And the next day,they helped find the bag.This is my own thing.But they help me initiatively.It makes me very moved.It was the first time that I knew being help is so lucky for someone in serious.
In our socity,we cannot avoid meeting problems.If we can help each other,our life will be more happy and harmonious.After all,we live in the same world.But,if we are all not care about others,we all live only for ourselves,we will face problems lonely and feel more painful from these.So we cannot find any love in our life and we will feel upset about the cold.Only if everybody has the consciousness to concern about other people,our society will be more beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3f0a9f78-ed56-38e2-8325-94ca4d564314> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
While living in the world , we can not avoid having many problems.So,
it is important to learn how to help each other.
Some times ago, when we playing football together .And we felt depressed when the ball flied over the wall and landed on the river.At
that time , a kind person found our embarssment .As a result,he helped
us picked the ball.
What I want to say is that people should be helpful and kind to each
other.If everyone is used to caring about others a little more, the
world we live in will be a more wonderful place for all human beings .
On the other hand, I can't image what the society wiil be like if people never think of others .It will be a cold and uncomfortabel place. In a word ,to make the world a better place foe you and for me,
I hope we can try to change ourselves , make our best to help others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bf39aa3d-cdf7-33ff-ba97-351447afe531> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When it come to helping each other , i immediately think about some impressive stories that happened on moral models who have been displayed on CCTV .
No matter where we live or when we study ,the difficulties will always being somewhere to disturb you from normal life. When i was still young, once i was playing with my classmates on the play ground, and then i found i lost my new rope skipping that my mother bought for me , i felt very sad that my mother would blame me for that . When my friends became aware of it and they tried to help me find it altogether at once . At last they succeeded to find my rope skipping.
This is an inappreciable thing but it reflects a warmth among people . There must be help and concern in social society , when one traps in an embarrassment and if you have the ability to help him , don't be hesitated to give him a hand !Otherwise , if you don't want to help others and they all think so , what will happen in society ? The lack of concern and everyone lives in it like a cold-bloodedness animals and there would be no warmth , no friendship , no mirth , no loyalty ! Do you want to live in a community like this ? Absolutely not , i think. So , don't be afraid to reach out your hands and let's make a better life full of love !

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 11d1e17e-7059-31b3-a336-116a5c1729e6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I started to learn to ride bicycle When I was in grade two,But I was not able to control the bike well in the begining,I was alway falling off the bicycle.One day,I was riding bike on my way home,suddenly a car
turn up on the cornor ,I was so frightended that I hit the wall and hurt my leg seriously.after a little ,an aunt emerged and gave me a hand,she lend me her phone to let me call my parents.before my parents come up ,she took care of me all the time.I was so grateful ,my parents and her become good friends from then on.
as far as I am concerned that the world need love and we should give a hand when some one needs help.
If the world is lacking in help,the world will became boring,awful and so on .And we will hate the world because there will be a awful sociality and relationship.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b7385a6d-2115-3111-a21e-64d06b3163fd> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember the telling scene when I went to BUPT last year.
The day is veryvery hot.It was the first time I had gone to Beijing alone.I carried so much luggage that I had difficulity going yo BUPT.
A hansome student came to my rescue when I felt so helpless.He ttold me that he was a senior student in BUPT.All the way he help me take the luggage and instroduced our school.I appreciated for his helping.I couldn't go to school in kilter without him.
So I think we humans should help and be concerned about each other when he or she needs help.Because everyone's life can't be in plain sailing. Only in this way can we live a harmoniously life and everyone feel happy.We can imagine how terrible the world is if human live without care and help,people will become stoniness,and there is no heip although someone is in danger.
So let's go to help others,and others will help you too.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9b187e24-11ac-347a-b052-b4d30d1caf7e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all know, no one can live without others. As a member of society,you should help other people as much as possible. Only in this way, can a society become more and more harmony.
As far as I am concerned, during preparing for the math exam, I met some difficult problems. My roommates always assisted me to work them out patiently. And we often discuss math problems together, from which I have gained much.
So, when helping people, we can also get something precious such as friendship, admiration, even love. To built a harmony society, we should learn Leifeng Spirit, which means always caring about people. Otherwise society will be cold, and no one can live happily.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 567e3a94-7c5c-337d-9575-f861dd477596> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When making a recalling to my tender age,I can`t afford to forget my experience in the NanYue Mount.My family has a routine to pay a visit
to NanYue in due course every year.And I got lost once,standing longly
among a enormouse number of strangers,scared and hopeless.I could do nothing than cring.then a uncle came over to me.With his help, I soon   found my way to my hotel.
Though years passed by,I can still recollect every detail of that incident.When trapped in trouble ,I would not get desperate,because   well-intentioned people are out there for me,and I have faith in my ability to get out of it as long as given a little help.
I alway consider it a most telling lesson.One should help each other
,should give a hand to those in trouble,should pay attention to those
not taking any edge in our society.It is mutual support that make this
season hardship and cold more bearable.
At any rate, one lives in a society.Assumeing the society is numb and
every one care only about himself or herself,what you feelings about it?What you fellings when you are badly need help and turn somebody for help only meet with blank stare? The answer is self-explanatory.
Do care about other`s blues.The world refuses numbness.The world need
love from you,from me ,from all of us!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 53f4e70c-0c8e-3425-b2f0-b403dffac47b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There's no doubt that we should help each other in order to create a harmonius world.As we all know,kindness can pass from people to people.So reach out your hand to make a difference.
As far as I'm concerned,I was changed by the kindness.It happened in the junior three marathon meeting.Since sports is my weekness,I get exhausted soon after the game started.I felt regret and decided to give up when I slipped up,but my classmate reach out his hand and help me pass the end point though he was tired too.I was moved.And from then on,I managed to overcome my afraidness of sports so as to help other people pass their end point.
people should reach out their hand because we will become brave and tough when we get together and care about each other.Without it,the society will get offish and disordered.what's more,people will felt lonely and get rude.we can't imagine a society without kindness and people steer clear of help.
so,let's reach out our hands and help each other to create a Utopia belong to ourselves.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 63cd3e9a-57e4-3434-9622-3f8fb801c927> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It goes without saying that we all had gotten help from others and had helped others once. When it comes to helping each other, I immediately think a lot about some experiences.
It is known to us that no matter where you live ,the difficulties will change the way of your life from the normal contrail. there is a story about myself. when I was young, I mean a few years ago, I am the member of our class basketball team. We always play basketball and the
competition between our class and other class was usually aboil. Once
I wanted to turn around to cast off the adversary, but I slipped dowm and hurt my talus. the ache of my feet rooted in my brain deeply. And
the following was unforgettable to me. Two of my classmates support me with my hand to the school hospital. I was moved deeply.
As we know, the moral of our society go down day after day. To change the actuality, interpersonal help and care should be advocated.
We need know it that if you don't help others, you shouldn't look forward to the help from others. But if we help each other in the society, then we can gain the help from each other and even more fortune like friendship and opportunity to success.
A society lack of caring each other is beyond our wildest imagine. So let's do it to make the society full of love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5a7c09d4-28b9-3759-9e18-8a065a4f76b6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When talk about this topic--help each other, some memorable experience occurs to my mind. One day, when I was hanging out the street. Suddenly,from the corner of an avenue, quickly out run a large dog, gnaring loudly. It seemed just wanted to bite me. I was so scared that I even felt my heart have stopped beating. But, at this moment, someone pulled me immediatly into a room and closed the door and I was saved.
We all need help sometimes, and we are supposed to help each other and care about others whenever someone is in trouble.
I just cann't image what the world would be like if people care about theirselves only and never help each other. When it happens,the world could be deadly cold and nowhere can we find any warmth between each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2731c19b-102a-3dca-905a-0509d945c045> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Though many years has pasted, I can still remember that day. It was a hot summer day. I, a seven year old boy, was playing on the beach of a small fishing town where my grandparents lived. I seemed to be a peaceful scene, but suddenly a huge gust of wind started to blow. The sea turned to be frenzy and scary, I fell down and almost brought in to sea by a big sea wave. A fisherman who past by saw me, he pulled me up and took me back to town. I could still hear him telling me “a kid should go to seaside with accompany of parents, or it may be dangerous” until now.
This may not be a big deal for adults, but for a little boy it’s scary enough. I once thought what would happen if he did not help me out, I guessed it would be a nightmare. We should help each other. Giving a hand of help is not a hard task, but this will bring the one you help a lot. Just like what the fisherman did makes me appreciate him in all my childhood. Just like an old song sings, if everyone gave out some love and help to other, the world would be a fantasy world.
Imagine, what the earth would be like if no one helps others. It must be cold and brutal, just like hell.
So my friend, do not refuse to give a hand to someone who really needs your help. In some ways helping others is helping yourself.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a29e4cad-2f46-3612-8bb6-f0524c0697e4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I can feel warmth whenever I thought about this case.Vivid memories came flooding back of a winter morning, when I went to my grandmother's house with a big bag in my hand. Unfortunately, I got lost and I didn’t know where I should go. Wandering around the city for a long time, there came a taxi driver. He drove me a long distance,finding my way and charge as much as usual.
It's an unforgettable day. The driver may forget this case, but for me, the receiver of the kindness, I will cherish this experience forever. Living in this big society, we should learn to help each other, to pay more and take less.Not only for showing kindness, but also for the happiness we can gain after we help others. What's more, this genuine lifestyle will go a long way when contact with others. So, just show your care for others, which I bet can count a lot.
I can’t imagine how will our society become in absence of kindness and politeness. People just go to work and live separately without talking to each other. So, what's the meaning of living?
Communicating with others is not as difficult as you thought. Just give your hand, and I’m sure you can feel a lot of love and warmth than you had expected.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bba533fb-6a5a-3272-8ea6-93c563bb33b1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Have you ever helped others?
I think the answer is pretty sure: Yes.
We are living in a society where people help each other in various ways. In my opinion,nobody can survived or have a wonderful life without other's. help. And I have an unforgettable experience to support my opinion.
The night arised in my mind vividly.It dates back to 5 years ago,my eyes are hitted by an accident.The skin around the eyes is blooded,and I was only screaming in the department.Fortunately,my roommate was calm.They sent me to the nearest hospital,and looked after me the whole night.
On the other hand,helping each other is good for the progress  of our society.And the Human Labour is a good example.
I can't image the society without helping.It must be cold and desperate
Last but not the least,we should help each other,and the world will be better and warmer.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5e198f4e-e000-3806-a08d-e47bfecd246c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The most important and glary quality for human beings is caring about each other and helping others.That makes our world brighter and warmer.The one who accepts help from other will be happy certainly,and the one who helps others gain happiness from it,one day,maybe he would be the one who got in trouble and saved by the one he had once helped before.So it is necessary for us to help others.There is what I experienced and would never forget.
The story happened when I was a litter boy in elementary school.When I was playing a computer game,I suddenly felt headache and choked like I had had a cough.So I went bed and eat some medicine.But I couldn't fall  asleep and it seemed worse.Then I telephoned my father and he came back soon taking me to the hospital.The result was I had a badly cough and had had transfusion all that day and night.My parents didn't leave me and keep with me at the side of bed.It made me so touch .
Lacking of helping each other,the world would be no better than the hell.And the men would be no better than animals.So let us help each other and make it a better future.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8bf8d758-a2ad-3842-99c1-f257380f47fb> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The world need help and concern to make it warm.
As a person who is puzzled by asthma, I am unable to do many things even to walk by myself when I get ill, at the moment there are always many people who is willing to helping me. I’m so grateful to those warm-heart people.
I hold firmly to the opinion that people should help each other and be care about each other. We are all not isolated in the society and have complex relationships. We come into contact with others all the time. Helping each other is a virtue habit that makes the life warm and full of the milk of human kindness. As an old saying goes, helping others is helping yourself. I can’t image the world lacking of the care. Selfishness, solitary and apartness may become the critical problems. As the consequence of that, our life may change to cold and ugly.
As far as I'm concerned, though some people make use of others’ kindness to commit a crime or cheat, we shouldn’t lose the kind heart forever and have the responsibility to carry it forward.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7f908b41-a4e6-3de6-ad0f-b3ddbcbcd56e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When referring to assistance,I can hardly forget one raining night in Shanghai.It was in a summer that I went the New Oriantal for the further English learning.Even it was quite hot in those days but suddenly trunned a heavily rain at that night.Without any doubt,I didn't bring the unbralla,witch forced me walking in the rain.Much to my surprise,a gril I hadn't met before emerged and gave me half of the room under her umbralla.I was survived owing to that warm-hearted girl and even now I still remember her kindness.
So it's humiliate thinking about whether we need to assist or concern others.Without the girl's help,I must have been totally drawned at that rain night and even caught terrible cold after that.Just as an old saying goes,"Human is a social animal,and no one could survive just by its own."By this way,we need help,of course,we should help others.
Nevertheless,I cannot bear the horrible feelings when thinking of a no-assistance society.What a cold and black world it would be!Everyone just concern on their on affairs and try all the possibility to gain profits by ignoring other's feelings.To make things even worse,the young and old are abandoned by the losing-concerned world,whom all of us used to be and must will be.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ee49b2f8-6d93-309b-84b4-5d66bf747250> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It's important to help each other;helping brillants our everyday's life.
About 3 years ago,when I was in high school I went to another city for an important examination.This city is far away from my town and I seldom went out so far at that time.Therefore,it's no wonder I would be excited for such a trip.After the examination,I knocked about around and appriciated the sights of this city and soon was losted in it.Suddenly,I rellized I should go right now.However,as a consequence,our shuttle bus had gone.I was so worry that time.What was worse,I didn't take a penny.No choice but walking home.Supporisily,a master of the examination place find my trouble.He said:"Young man,I think I can drive you home."How wonderful I feeled when I heard that.Then he drived me home.
After that,I learn to help others as possible as I can.And helping  will also bring about happiness and contents.It's a hormonious relationship between beings as well as giving people hope to go on.So,it's necessary to help others espacially when they are in trouble.A society without considering and helping will be unhealthy and unfriendly.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 824de432-8696-3433-a958-37b92bca7484> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last week, I went to classroom to finish my homework. However, it's unlucky to me that my pen didn't work. When I thought that I had to go downstairs to buy a new one, a friend of mine came up. When he learnd what happened to me, he gave me a hand without any hestitation which helped me get away from difficulty. What a glad experience!
I was very moving from this experience because I think that one can't live alone without any others' help. The world needs everyone to devote himself to helping each others. And you also can get the feeling of satisfacation and happiness from this process. If we just think about ourselves, we will meet more difficults and unhappiness in our daily life.
Helping makes our life more harmonious, and it takes happiness for all people.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3a7e756d-7081-3ef2-83be-6cc324e8d05b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once I thought that we human-beings may became more independence with the continuous evolution on science and technology .I even imagined one day I could do all the things without any help from others. However, a affair happened on me recently totally changed my mind.
It’s on my way to a visit to one of my senior-high-school-classmate who was in another university in Beijing. I took me almost 3 hours to approached her school and I was completely exhausted at that time. But when I picked up my mobile phone to announce her I finally arrived, I suddenly recognized that my  mobile phone which worked stably in usual was unable to find the signal! What a shame! I couldn’t connect her without it. After few times of failing to attempt making the phone work again, I considered it might be my only chance to find a public phone. But I couldn’t do it because the public phone was too rare now. At that moment gentleman come to me while I didn’t what to do and told me that he could do me a favor to lend me his mobile phone…I managed to meet my friend at last with this stranger’s help.
I couldn’t imagine what would our social become without help and care from others. And I thing it's the power of help that make we develope and grow up. The world could be more harmonious only in the way of Helping Each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 424f9214-456d-3b8e-9bca-63dd996e80f8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping makes the world warmer.
One morning in the last year,I was still a senior high school student,rinding my bike as fast as a car because I would be late for school soon.When I arrived at the school gate,the first class would begin in one minite.If I put my bike in the very place as every day I did,there was no doubt I would be criticized by my teacher.At the moment,I asked the guide of the school gate,a man,to help me take care for my bike at the gate.He seemed found my difficulty,smiling and accepting.Then I ran to the classroom as fast as I can...
In my opinion,the world will be forizen without helping each other.It is the helping and caring make the world warm.
In a word,the society needs helping,and so everyone does it.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c27d09c2-3cf0-3e2b-8af7-8369f08e774c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Living in a society, whoever you are ,a assistance between us people is of great importance.
As you know, a force basketball match between us Grade 27 and Grade 26 has come to an end yesterday. Being a member of the team , when I ‘m playing in the ground ,suddenly I got my ankle hurt. In result I can’t move any more. But I realized that I’m not the only one who are fighting! As you can see ,all the classmates were around me asking the feeling of mine, then I was sented to the school hospital supported with one of my classmates’hand. It must be the most telling memorize in my collage life```
Come to myself, the assistance between us people even strangers is one of the power which can attach our hearts to others. Besides, the care from others can also provided us with confidence to deal every difficulty we face. A society lack of help and care between each other can never be strong advanced and longsight. And whatever difficulties it will face, it will not succeed.in this way, the country and the native is not able to walk any longer in the road towards.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f59eeb14-cb69-36cf-a546-922c997413f4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In the past, people always help each other .In the present society ,helping each other is still a excellent behavior.
Everyone can have sometime when he meets some trouble, so do I . On a cold evening nearly a mouth ago ,my stomach suddenly felt painful strongly ,I spit all what I had had in the supper out and ran to the toilet for at least ten times .I insisted not to see the doctor as my stomach had got sick for a lot of times before .But it seemed that I can't persist to the next morning .So I call a friend of mine ,wanting him to accompany me to the hospital .However ,I hung up as the call just went through ,because I realized that he might study in the teaching building .A few seconds later ,he called back and said that he had already knew my sickness and wanted to persuade me to see the doctor .Then I found a shadow of his outside the door of my dormitory .
In my opinion ,people should help each other ,for no one can forecast what time himself may need someone else to come to his rescue .I believe if I help others in trouble I will be helped when I am in trouble .This kind of behavior is mutual .
I can’t imagine what the world will be looked like if everyone only cares about himself .A injured old man lying on the ground with others' neglect .Can you tolerate !? Each of us is a inseparable part of the society ,each of us has the right to live nicely .So ,why not let everyone’s life better with everyone’s hands ?Move on now to help each other to make it a better world !

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 86846a29-da37-35aa-a00f-202f98df6cb2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In the morden society,mang people don't trust other people.They are  afraid to be bamed and lose much money.But we can't say that there is no wirtuous people.Now,let me tell you a story about  one people helped me two weeks ago.
Today was sunday,I got up very early because I would go to The Great Wall .On the way back to school,I lost my money.I was really dejected and helpless.When I was in a daze,one people came to me and gave me some money.I was really lucky.I would never forget it.I admired him.
If the world is in defect of help and care,we will don't trust any people,such as classmates,friends and so on.What's more,we will be very doleful.Therefore,we should help each other and give other people much care as far as we can.Now,let's give out our love and polish up the world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 41c48371-af71-30b7-8d22-253e56373db5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There is one old saying: " Hlep other people, the other people help
you".I think it's one kind of living arts. And because of it, we can live in a warm and colourful world.
It occured to me that last November. I was worrying about how to make
a wonderful program in the Christmas party. My mind was totally a mess.
I really could not come up with a really brilliant idea which can be out of the ordinary. Thanks god, he gave me many many real friends. They encouraged me and assisted me in making up the item. We tried  our
best to joy everybody. Finally, however, our program was cut out. But to me, it was fine, because i had got the best thing in my life.
So you can see, helping each other is not a boring thing, you can
get more than "Thanks": you may get a friend, or a period of happy time
, or even your lover in your life...
We all should help each other, care for each other. Can you imagine what the world will be, if the world lack care and help. Can you?
So let's do our best to give others every favor we can.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID dec5e276-3685-33f8-8b6c-db255a04468d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is a traditional virtue , showing interpersonal concern. .Everyone will be in trouble in the society , so helping each other should be a responsibility.
For example , one day ,I was too tired to leave the bedchamber to have dinner because I got a cold . I want some one take the dinner to me ,but unlikely my  chums weren’t at bedchamber .I could not get connect with them .However ，when my chums  came back ,they took me the dinner on their own initiative .
Everyone should help with each other ,and care about each other .If  the society is short of the care of other people ,the society will be distant .And ,the connection between people in  this society will be too bad .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8081828d-b625-3c28-b719-ae7c5013e8b1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
If only you live, what your life will be? I can’t imagine. No people, no help.
As the saying goes, the world is the people’s world. We can’t stay at world lonely, because we need help. Why we need help? We can see, on the one hand, we help others in need. We would be happy and satisfied. On the other hand, other people can give us help when we in trouble.
It was a blue day, I was only 7 years old but I began to learn to ride a bike. No one can’t succeed when he do it firstly. So as I. when I fall from the bike, he came out. With his help, I quickly learnt it.
I can’t forget it, because it would be a good for me. We should help each other, in one day we really do it, our world will be more colorful and wonderful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e0a52fad-31c2-324d-8d5d-7c82beee8845> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I'm fully convinced that everything could be better with one's help. It suddenly occured to me that the help of my friends has had a tremendous influence on me. I failed the English examination over and over again in my senior high school, which made me full of sorrow. As my best friend, Tom made every endeavour to improve my English study. I couldn't hold back my big smile when he checked my homework, lend me great books and improved my listening skills.
Now that everyone lives in our society, it's of great importance to help each other, which can accelerate the interaction of different people. People tend to blend in our society faster with other's help. I can't imagine what the world would be without people's concern. Naybe the world would be filled with darkness and coldness then. What a terrifying thing!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9669469e-869e-3fcc-acc1-874249970a80> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our country, helping each other is a traditional excellence .If one people help others when they need, the people willbe respected.
I was helped by a classmate who is called Tom when I was grade 6.At that time, Tom is my classmate. He come from USA and my English is not good at that time so I wanted him to help me to practiced my English, he taught me English and often talked to me in English.I learned fast and soon I made a great progress in my English. And I thanked him very much. He also felt very happy.
Our society need helping. If you don't help others, when you meet troubles other will not help you. And there will be a lot of problems can't be settled and human's development will slow down.
We need to help each others, only in that way our society will become more and more better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID edab9494-de3b-3b54-8efd-feb6479540c2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping others who meet difficulties is a good traditional virtue in China. We live in the same society, so we are family. We should help one another, and care of one another.
I have a memorable experience. One day, my parents went out home to work, and left me at home alone. I was playing computer game, but I didn`t konw my mother was boiling water before she left home. Finally, the water was empty, and the state was very dangerous. I shouted and hoped somebody can help me. My neighbor ran into my home and helped me turn off the switch. I am very appreciate him.
I appeal everyone to help others when they are in trouble. If the society lack regard, we will feel very lonely. We will meet many difficulties and difficult to solve. The society will lack warmth. Helping Each other is also help yourself.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 74b967f7-6c1b-334e-81cc-65f9c7931479> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily life, we meet many problems that we can't solve them by ourselves. Therefor, it is very necessary to help each other.
One time, I would have a exam. When I walked into the examination room, I realized that I had left my student card .I was so worried and thought that I couldn't take the examination. But, luckily, the teacher told me to take the paper first and he would help me to look for my card. Then, I finished the exam and appreciated the teacher.
I think that helping each other is becoming our responsibility. We should care more about others instead of only ourselves. If we all don't help each others, we will be more lonely, hardhearted, and the social will be cold-blooded. So, let us help others and make the world more and more beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c21f37b2-d529-36b9-a659-7d23a593011d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We human is the most powerful specials,in most extent for we help each other and we are not alone to settle a problem.Maybe we can do something without other's assist,but not everything.Especially a thing that is important to us but beyond our ability,other's assit is so valuable that may influent us for a long time.
In my memory,something may not be so big,but impressed me a lot,because it's special.When I was in junior high school,I had a quarrow with my deskmate.We had no words for a few days that I supposed  he world not be my friend anyway.One day,we had PE,and for my carelessness,I broke my ankle.To my suppress,my deskmate appeared,and took me to hospital,bought the medicine and told the teacher that I cannot took classes.Something touched me deeply,and I couldn't hold back my tears.Maybe a friend in need is a friend indeed.
Maybe the help is a fire,which can break the ice between us.
From then on,because of the help,I obtain a valuable pure friendship.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4846a6a6-6adf-3d50-a548-ac7f5ffa6dfc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Every time we meet some difficulties or misery,we hope that someone  can come to help us.So it is with me.Now I'll share a moved story on the way to my home.
It was only ten days before the Spring Festival when I boarded the train to my home.Certainly I had to stand in the crowds because of no seat ticket.One hours later,I felt very sick and almost fell down,I knew I caught cold but there were still 10 hours before arrived my home.Just at this moment,a man who sit besides me saw my sick face and let me had a rest in his seat.I was too moved to say anything when I sit his seat and saw him stand in fornt of me.He should have no duty to help me and stand instead of me.But he did.It wasn't about money or business but only the care between person toperson.
During the rest trvalling on the train,he and I sit by turns,and we talked about each family and life and gradually became  good friends.
Everyone need others' help and everyone should help others.That's what our society lacks of now.I strongly believe that if each person can help others in difficult,our country will become more harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a0a28519-c635-398a-8dae-5d72193d4e73> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In retrospect my middle school days,everyday I came into contact with my classmates.Everytime I go back through my memory,a girl's smile comes into my mind firstly.I'll never foget that she helped me when I was in trouble.
That was a summer afternoon,the sun was shining and no one could feel  wind.The awful weather made me breathless and headache but I didn't tell teacher since I thought I could hold by myself.However,in class I began to get sick and lost my feeling.She helped me find my way to school hospital and took care of me half of a day.
The thing makes me konw how important helping each oher is.If nobody helps me that time,maybe I would get ill seiriously.Imaging how will the society be with the lack of helping each other?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3394db6f-166d-367f-85c7-86391d36b3c8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily life, we can't avoid to be trapped in some problems.In this case,we should help each other.
As far as i am concerned, i has ever accept help from a kind-hearted stranger.At that summer,i left my home to study Erhu.And it was the first time that i had come to that city alone.I lost my way because of my owful sense of direction.At that time,there was a man waiting for the bus. However,i was too shy to ask him.Fortunately,he noticed me and asked me if i need help.After then, i found my way.
It was a small thing,but i still rememberd it.It tells me that we should help and concern each other.Because we are in one world, we have to keep relationships with others.One wood can't be a forest.If we only consider ourselves,maybe we can't live in the world.Helping each other is a theme for human developing.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID af3a33c2-15ca-319b-a98f-ccdb88f79a8d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As an old saying goes"graciousness of water drop,the bubbling spring reports",human bebings can not live without well-intentioned help.Whenever and wherever we are, we can feel the warm of giving. As a result,we should awlays harber the heart of thanksgiving.
For instance ,last term on the beging of the session when I'm a freshman, I came all along with a bulk of luggage.I was doubt whether i can handle this situation.To my surprise ,there were warm-heartd senior students everywhere.And even there was no chance fo me to touch my luggage.After all,I couldn't appreciate more to the lovely people.What's more,I decide to work next time as a volunteer.
What will a world without help be? There is no way to image people are all cold and indifferent .No friends,no partners,no coorperation and no love.Human civilization is based on society,where people must live and work together.All in all,help is a intereaction among human beings.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 46b5d94a-b843-3505-8359-ba0a31bdccdd> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
This title reminds me of an old lady I ever met in Xiamen.
On my last summer vocation,one of my classmates and I attended in a tour group to Xiamen.It's our first time to travel without any adults,so both of us were a little bit nervous.It was a hot afternoon,when our guide told us that we could spend our time in Zhongshan Street and we should go back to the hotel ourselves.At first,I think it easy to goback to the hotel,bacause she had told us what kind of bus we should take and how to go to the hotel.But I found it was not easy when we got exhausted in the evening,bacause we didn't know where the bus station was.At this time,I met the old lady.She was so old that she walked quiet slowly.But when she heard we were finding the bus station,she led the way without hesitate.Finally,we got to the bus station under her help.What a kind lady!
I learned that we should help and care each other with patient and enthusiasm from the old lady.Imagine that,if the world lacks of love and care,how awful it will be!When you get to a strange city,nobody helps you.When you are injured,nobody calls an ambulance.
None of us want to live in the cold world,so move on to help others if you can help them.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2a7a898b-a3da-32c2-8ea6-3eba8a6f4331> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Believe it or not,kindness is spreading to every corner of everyone's
heart.A telling thing made me appreciate the kind world.
Oneday,I felt very sick on the way to school.I thought it was my dinner yesterday caused it.I couldn't help myself wenting down."What's wrong with you?"A woman with a kind appearance came to me."I don't know,I just fell terrible."She helped me go to the seat in a shop and then bought me a bottle of water.As soon as I drank up the water,I felt better."I think you should go to the hospital and have a check."the woman insisted."Thank you very much,but I'm fine.I don't want to trouble you.""Don't mention it,come on,let me send you to school."I was really moved at that moment,I could see the sunshine in the woman's heart.
After that,when somebody comes to me,I always try my best to help them.Everyone is supposed to help others and care about them.There is no doubt that helping each other can ont only solve other's problems,but also can firm the relationship between people. Only by helping each other can the society be more harmonious and peaceful.If a society lack of this kindness,it will be cuel and cold,no one can feel warm.When you have troubles,no one will come to your rescue.As far as I'm concerned,we should help each other in order to build a warm and sweet enviornment.
All in all,it is universally accepted that helping each other is more  and more important.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 09d6e4e6-27c8-34b2-aea5-ac4981918012> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone has difficulties in the daily life. No matter how big the problem is , it will make our life in chaos. So , it seems important to help the people around us.
When I was a senior high school student, I used to riding to school. That was a cold day. I could feel my fingers were absolutely frozen. I rode against the strong wind hardly, and suddenly, I felt my chain dropped. I didn’t know how to fix it so I just push my bicycle to home. My teacher past me when I was on the way home sadly.  He stopped, and took off his gloves. He used his own hands pushed the chain to the place where it should be. I was so grateful that even tomorrow I still remember.
Without the helping between human, I can not image what the world will be. May be a cold and silent place where is filled with pain. Nothing can develop. No one can get what they want. Finally, the sadness will push everything to its end.
So , it’s obvious that people should share their care with others. Helping each other ,you will get equal happiness. Helping each other , our life will be filled with love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1693e3ec-be48-3876-ac7c-ec9514ab5a29> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
This is the first year I spend in college. It was a completely new environment, so mang things was unfamiliar for me. On the Mid-autumn Festival last year. I prepare to back to TianJin on that day afternoon,  but when I get to the BeiJing-South railway station, the tickets were all sold out. I was extremely sadness because I miss my home but I couldn't back. I write a message on the Internet to complain. One higher class student in our school knew my situation and let me waiting for the 23p.m. train at his dorm in our head school. Then, he told me lots of experience about the new life in college. I felt warm and really appreciated his help.
In our society, people should help each other. In this way, our society will be filled with love and warm. If we don't, I'm afraid that only sadness and apartness can we fell. So let's help each other, let our world be better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d9310ffe-613c-3b6e-9327-78f2d9ec8f90> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Help! A gentleness word .It is the bridge connecting the human .We can not only receive the benefits but also feel the essence of life.
Now ,I am telling you a story on me about the help to me when in difficulty .Being a freshman, I need to go to the university after the holiday .However ,I was unfamiliar with Beijing .I was tremble with the route to my school before my coming .Fortunately ,my friend Caojiahao offer to help me .When I was arriving ,he wait for me at the stop .No matter what weather it is .No matter what time it is .No matter what he was up to .He was always glad to take me to school .
If we want a friendly word ,if we want a peaceful word ,we should start to help .Help the poor ,our friend and so on .if not ,we will be beast .The world will be full of apartness ,and we can not get progress .
So let us go ahead ,help others as possible as we can .Then a love bourn will be broaden day by day ,and we can see a beautiful waterfall .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b9aadd0e-f4a3-3023-a97d-492abce76547> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helps between two persons to people is just water to fish,
you can never image a world without helps among people!
Though it happened a year ago, it flashes clearly that when my
classmate helped me choose my subject on the internet.
Unlucky as I am, my computer just broke down when I began to
choose my subject. Sweat came down just like waterfall.As I am
up to repairing my pc, one of my classmates came to me and patted on
my shoulder, then he said:"come on! You can use mine."
You can never image my feeling at that time, and I successfully
chose my favorite subject at last with his timely help.
From then on, I have drawn a conclusion, only by helping others
can we lead to a happier life in the world!
It can be a nirvana with helps, and it will be a hell without helps
it's simple just like this.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID db75d267-0b7d-3d51-b528-8ce8dcdbe954> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is the traditional virtue in China. In my life, there were many people who helped me, but the thing touched me the most deeply was that thing.
Memories flooding back, in the first day of the university, when I was cleaning up my dormitory,suddenly I tore down my mosquito-curtain.As I was very annoyed and at a loss, my roommate Gao came to help me piece up it with a wire.Maybe it's only a small affair,but it make me warm and it's vital for me.
In the society ,we can't live alone, and we need friends and families.So it's very important to help and care for each other.
If there is no concern for each other ,there is no touch and the society will be distant.When a person is in trouble,give him a hand and you will be happy too. All in all, we should help each other for a brighter tommorrow.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2cbb4406-4540-31ab-ada7-87c9e2ac391e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The most impressive memory I could remember when someone help me was my first day in my college. I was just a stranger here, everything to me is new and, a little bit frighten. Then I met a schoolmate of Grade 2. he was a real enthusiasm and friendly person. I can talk to him, ask some questions and even my deeply feeling. With the help of him, I get used to the life in BUPT.
In my thought, the best present receive from other’s is the help, and the best thing you give other’s is your help. Helping each other not only can promote our friendship, but can solve problems more easily. It’s necessary for us to care other’s, your friends and even people you don’t know.
If there is a lack of helping each other in our community, I just can’t imagine what our community will be. We don’t have human welfare, medical insurance, and the most, no cooperate no develop. So, I assure that if everybody in our community love to help others, we will have a bright nice tomorrow.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 832b5e19-16f6-330d-ace2-08893a9989d5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
“You are not clone ,I’m here with you……” is one of the most famous lyrics that Michael Jackson sings. You can’t live without others in the world. If you live in the society ,sometimes you must be in the condition that you need others’ help ,and sometimes others need you, too.
One day before ,Sunday, our  football team were competing with the team of the profession of software, the competition is very drastic so the action of each team is very ham. One player of our team were knocked down by his adversary ,he lied down on grassland and groaned painfully. He couldn’t speak even one word. At this time, the competition is over and the some other players of our team ran to the infirmary of our school without hesitation and bought back some ice bags and some good Yun Nan white medicine. After several  emergency measures, his ache was not serious than before. He felt grateful for others. Smiles appeared on the faces of everyone. Helping each other is a happy thing .
After this incident, I know the true meaning of helping each other, it’s one thing that can make the world nicer. A world without helping each other is so cold and terrible. We all need others. I have faith in that we all will be happier if we can help each other. There will be more sunshine and less darkness in the world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cc5ab45d-f83a-373d-9570-69c768d54e18> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
it was the first day of qingming holiday ,i was in a bus station as i planed to visit a comic market far from bupt.
the bus came,i intended to take out my id card but it seemed to be lost in my domitory.
"calm down!"i said to myself,but as if the god had played a trick on me,it turned out that i didn't take any changes either.
god damn! the bus stoped and the line started moving towards the bus slowly,
i had no choice but to fllow the moving of the line,wishing the worker  would accept my money which worth
￥100 per       .
as it was always going to be,the worker refused.
what a day!  i really feeled upset about what had just happened.
however,it seemed things are not going to be so bad,for something i've forgot
the man behind me gived me a hand, as i was to go somewhere else for some changes ,he payed for my tickets.
actually,in our daily life, when someone  catch a trouble, people always tend to untrust others , thinking no one would help .
but it always turned out to be wrong.
most people are still warmhearted whatever the world is.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f5b4ce74-8868-386d-92e0-c261ec9bc3b4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember it was a cold morning in the last winter vacation that I was on the way to the train station. I struggled to walk past the platform bridge with my three heavy bags. Then came two young girls, they asked if I need some help. However, I surely hopeed someone can help me with my bags. But, suddenly, I realized that they are strangers to me,so I rejected their help.
Now when I recalled the situation that morning, I'm very regret. They were only two enthusiastic people, but why I felt unsafe to let them just help me. I think it was because there were really so many people doing harmful things around us. We’ve heard too many tricks but few kind things. So we always feel unsafe especially with strangers. If everyone can put their hands to the people who need help, and we become friendlier to strangers, I think nobody would do such stupid things again like me and I wouldn’t too. But if it continues, the society would be lacked of love and we can not believe others anymore. At that time, even nobody will be willing to accept the help.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 50ff80ae-6d84-3d69-a4b7-c40058899cae> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I clearly remember that there was once a time I hurt my leg when palying basketball in high school.My classroom was on the fifth floor,so I felt it was a great challenge to get to the classroom in those days.Fortunately,my roommate knew what I was concerning about and he decided to help me climb the floors until I was able to do that myself.I couldn't express my appreciation to him in words.
In my opinion,as we live in the same society,we should help and take care of each other.When someone around you is in trouble,you should help him out of trouble within your ability because by doing so,you will get a lot of happiness and he may help you when you are faced with difficulties.Our society will become more harmony if everyone does so.
However,if people only care about themselves and are unwilling to help and take care of others,I believe that the relationship among people will be so bad.What's worse,there will be no hope to build up a harmony society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a2735f5d-2f2d-3807-8c9d-8230bfb7ee61> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In society, one can not live without others. We depend on each others and we help each others. We can’t ever do an easy thing if we never get help. What’s more, if we don’t try to help others, we can’t get help when we are in trouble.
And now, I remember him, one of my best friends. For boys, sports are our favorite. Last summer, I decided to play basketball with my best friend, Xiao Ming. All we knows that sometimes basketball is dangerous. So I got hurt in the game when I forget that I played the dangerous game. I never forget the pain in my foot. It was you, Xiao Ming, to take me to the hospital and take me to home. I did not how to thank you, maybe I can just say we are fiends forever!
Some people always think they are so useful that they didn’t need help from anyone. But they never see that whatever they do, there will be some one to help them whatever they accept it or not. If we help each others not for returning. I think the world will be more and more beautiful. On the other hand, it's the same between country.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 82fb0ad6-ee34-3f76-8e09-99d743ef4d62> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There are many relationships between peoples such as colleagues, classmates ,friends ,family members. But there is one relationship seems special to me ,teammates.
I am a basketball lover and always like to go to play games with others. As you might know, basketball games need team player. If you want to win, all teammates should try what they can to help each other and trust each other. Once when I was playing basketball in a park , I met a nice guy. We were teammates. And we all tried our best to lead our team to win the game. We shared the game, passed the ball, and helped each other. Because we were love this game, we all had a good time. But unluckily, I got injured in a defense. I can’t walk at that time and I didn’t take any money with me. I was helpless at that time. But this stranger took care of me. He asked where I lived and brought me home. We don’t know each before but he help me out of the trouble.
It seems like a small case but image that it was so bad if no one would help me. Could image that what the world would like without help. Remember that give the rose to others and leave the smell off.The world will full of sunshine.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d6df8fc0-1469-3ed9-b560-59386c6e8f28> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
sometimes when we are in trouble we have no choice but rely on others' hands. So we should not be apathetic about those in troubles at any rate.And helping and taking care of each other are the typical of our human beings' charactor past and present.
It aws still vivid in my mind the first time I was done a favor by a sister living my neighbour.I was only five that time and running too fast going down stairs.Absolutly I fell down cring as loudly as I can.Then the sister appeared as a angel.'Are you OK?'she squated down and asked slightly.'No..'I sobbed.Then she helped me stand up giving me a beautiful smile and faded out by my sight. What a beautiful and warm smile!
The world without sympathy and kindness would be compared to a forest without sunshine and water.There will just remain coldness between people. No one want to be in a world like that.So do not grudge our help,gifting it out as much as we can to make this world warmer and wamer.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a33b397e-ce53-3c1c-8a9d-6ffdb7972909> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
No matter how strong or powerful a person are, there must be some troubles happenning on them.I am as well. It was a ordinary afternoon in high school when suddenly I fell of the stairs. My painful cry attracted my classmate. Without any hesitation, some of them took me to the hospital while others reported my injury to the teacher. After going back home, I receive their messages consisting of warmhearts. Tears burst out of my eyes. I felt the warmness coming from the cares of others.
This incident impressed me a lot. There is something I find out important in daily communication——the help from others. During our life, troubles always emerges to us and sometimes we can't solve the problems on our own.At the time, a hand given by others will light up the darkness you are facing.Also, giving other people helps can make you discovery your valuable.
If there's no help and care towards life, the world will be so much unconcerned so that we can't image. As we can see, helping others plays an important role in our life. Only in this way, can we build a peaceful and glorious world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 832de13f-bafe-3baa-9248-eed5f8331ccf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I will never forget this thing which brands in my heart all the time. When I was seriously suffering from the stomachache, my best friend who I usually called her darling became very worried about my disease. She telephoned my mother immediately and then accompanied with me in the teachers’ office. Because our school don’t allow parents enter during the class time and I was so sick that even could not walk, she decided to take me to the door by her arms without hesitate. Can you image this scene? At any rate, I moved. She just like a knight.
With the developing of the society, more and more people become selfish. The reason may be various, but by all accounts, it’s not a good manner. As we live in the world, we should give more concerns about other people so that our society will get warmer and warmer. If nobody concerns about others, what will you feel in the word? It will become a icy and insertnessly world.
Even more people will lose interests of life. So don't be mean of your love and help to others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 055a578e-5eeb-3e53-b189-e3ae2ee93567> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I first came into the university, everything was strange to me. It was the first time for me to live far from my parents. One day, I had a bad headache,it was really terrible for me. Then my roommates helped me buy medicine, meals, and cared for me. They gave me love so that I didn't feel lonely. It was them who helped me come through that bad time. I really can’t imagine how I would be without them.
As we live in the world, it’s common to have varieties of problems, Nor can you solve all of them, however smart you are. So others’ help is really important to everyone. In other words, we should help each other, care for each other. A world without love and care will be a terrible place for people to live in. You will feel holpless and lonely.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 84ea26e4-b00b-30d7-9b24-6f24dc469d54> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The first day I went to BUPT,I felt the warmth from others and the power of helping others.
The first day I went to BUPT,I took lots of luggage so even the distance from the position to check in to the dormitory where we lived was not long,it was still too difficult for me to take these things to go there by myself.When I was tired,anxious and didn't know what to do,a couple of fellow students appeared.They took my luggage and asked me where I wanted to go.On the way to the dorm,they told me something about checking in and the dormitory.With their help,I reached my dormitory successfully and checked in easily.Seems affected by the students'behavior,I also wanted to help others,so I went to help the fresh students to check in the next day.I think not only I got help that day but also many other fresh students and there're many students come to help others in return as well.
As the sing songs,everyone devotes some love and the world will be better.If we want to make the society peace and frendly,we need to help each other because one can't do anything by himself and if you help others,they may be affected and to help others,you may get help from them someday.
If everyones refuses to help others,the world will be lack of love and become cold so that we even don't want to live in it.What'more,we can't face the younger generation.So help each other,it will make the world better!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 30ab6fef-3b76-3a5e-8e93-0d04af0875b6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When we were born, we were granted the ability to help others and give assistance to others.And undoubtedly,I was the one,too.
That was a charming night when I was surfing on the internet alone in the dormitory.But suddenly, I felt so painful that I vomitted instangtly.I even felt I would be dead alone in this silent dormitory.But my roommates came into the room at the same time I was nearly closing my eyes.Immediately she took me to the campus hospital.At the last,I recovered from the near death.At any rate,I was grateful to her movement.
Personnally,we live in a community full of love.Only when we give a hand to people who want assisting,do we have the opportunity to be helped from others.And we don't expct the society to be grim without help,where there are lots of people having a stony heart.
And the critical piont is that we would be delighted when we do others a favor or offer our passions to others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0848ddfd-d63e-36d7-95a2-a3b5cd29a2da> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As is known to all that everybody couldn't live without society which consists of people.We have been learning how to get along with others since our childhood,and the most essential part must be that we should help each other as possible as we can.
As for me,I have already tasted the charm of helping.Helping cases are everywhere,and the most impressive one is as follows. It was the time when I was in senior high school. Having run 800 meters after class,I suddendly felt a suffering stomachache.I painfully went down,couldn't speaking one word.Fortunately,I came across a classmate,not so familiar with me.Knowning what may have happened,she quickly upreared me and straight towards the clinique of our school.She accompanied me the whole night until I get better.I feel so warm that one person can help me like that,even though I am not so acquaintant with her,especially when I was in so weak period.Therefore,I remembered this unforgetable experience,and I hold the view that help makes things better.
Help is important to building a perfect society.Everyone of us is certain to have their own difficulties.Helping each other can help us through the dangerous sea of life.Without helps from others,can you image how our life will be?
So, just raise your hands and help others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID aac6306d-0aea-3ac9-98d8-0d56c479b579> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all know, everyone lives in the lovely world, and this means that we must communicate with others and affiliate with others genuinely from our deep heart. Helping ehch other will no doubt help us to build a beautiful world.
Deeply in my memory, there was once a time when my neighbous helped me so kindly. My mother and my father were ao busy those days that they even couldn't spare time to look after me and I was only a little child at that time. One morning I tore a hole in my trousers at my kindergarten, and I was so frightened and shamed that moment. Thanks to my kind neighbous helping me with my broken clothes, I could go to class normally that afternoon.
To make our world a better one, we should help and care for each other frankly. If we just think of ourselves with no regard for others, the world would hopelessly become terribly offish one day. Therefore, spread your hand and let's help each other to make everyone happier and make our world more harmonious!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4b6d3f87-b09a-3aac-8dc6-2eb7441412e8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a cold day in winter.My friend and I were about to going back home from the shopping mall when it suddenly began to rain.People rushed out to the street and headed to their homes.We both didn't bring the umbrellas and so many people waited at the bus stop.There was certainly no chance that we could get on the bus through the great crowds.With the rain pouring heavily,we stood in the rain feeing so desperated.But then a stranger in a car stopped by and told us that he was willng to drive us home.we were so glad and got on his car,feeling so warm.Later, we thanked him over and over and he said it was a small matter within his reach and just don't mention it.
I was so touched by his remarks.It's certain that one may come aross difficuties in life.But others should come to their hands to help him or her out.Assuming that people were indifferent and just care about themselves,the world would be cold,full of sorrow and complaints and even one woudn't get things well down for the lack of others' help.
Just pull out your hands and help. Only when people help and care for each other can we live in a better and harmonious life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 36d4a0ae-be06-301d-add3-28ffeafabd72> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each others
Just yesterday,I felt my finger aching every now and again.Then I found that a sting puncture my finger and it left there.It was too thin and small even just a tiny needle could be seen.I do my best to pull it out but useless.Midsemester was coming and I was very autious about the sting.Joan found my worry and helped me.She was so patiently.I knew that she had many subjects to review but he used time to get me out of trouble.Half an hour later,she succesed.I was so appreciated her so much that but for her helping I would must pain now,because I thought I couldn't take it out.We all know the time,especially before test,is precious,she still help me without hesitate.
From my point of view,people should help each other.Maybe helping others can take some time we need,but when we in need,others will help us to pull through,solving the problem and saving more tome.With helping,we can gain not only the solving of problem,but also the friendship.
I can hardly image a world without helping.Maybe an apathetic which has no helping is where the hell is

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 20ad2643-43c5-37f2-89fe-42ac2d3dbe27> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As is konwn to all, we live in a society where the the web of ralationship is everywhere. Sometimes we may come to other's rescue,meanwhile we also need the help from others on some conditions.
It is my first time to live in a dormitory with five classmates because I have never lived in school before the collage.It's not easy for me to get used to all the life styles of others. More or less , we had some estrangements. But,nothing never changes, I got a bad fever before the last term exams, I was so week and I am not able to do some prepare for those examnations.Just at that time, my roommates stood out and gave me the hands.They bought the madicine for me, gave me the hot water and even told me the difficult points and the points I should notice after they reviewed the books! I was moved thoroughly.
I know the importance of help by that thing. How nice will the world be if all people helping each other like that! We should give our hands to the people who need us so as the lyric of Micheal Jackson " we make a better place for you and for me. " !

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b3a1ce1d-a51e-3c1d-a571-ab0156913082> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In the world,we are not alone.We may meet many life's difficulties.And in my opinion,we should help each other.
In senior high school,I lived in dormitry with my classmates.At first,I can't be habituated to the life without parents.I can't sleep at night and I can't have good meals.But I have my classmates.We helped each other.And they make me feel that I was at home.I thank all of my classmates.
Once we living in this world,it's necessary to help each other.Only in this way,we can make our society warmer and more friendly.If everyone lives by themselves and they are selfish,it's really hard and impossible for us to live in the world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cccd1bf0-587c-3b5b-b49f-dc7cade2f58f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was very young.One day,I went to the zoo with my parents,the
animals were so interesting that I couldn't find that my parents had been disappeared.I was really frightened so I cried loudly.Fortunately there was a police near me.After he heard me crying,he asked my name and my father's telephonenumber.Then he bought an ice cream for me.I really appricated for him.He helped me find my parents.
As we live together in one world,we should help others and care others when they need our help.It can make our society more warm.
I can't imagine a society without help,that must be scary.Everybody will feel lonely and unhappy.So when others need our help,we should do as much as we can.Our lifr will be more wonderful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b90ffaed-7c50-3ca9-8e74-760cba9c511b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There is a thing that makes me be aware of the importance human-beings should help each other.It's a time Ijust came bupt and I lost my wallet.I was fully lost in the sea because my ID card and all my moneg were in it.I still remembered how surprised I was when the two girls came to ask me "Is it your wallet?".I jumped as I was too happy.When I turned back and wanted to thank them,they just disappered.How virtuous they are!
We are just normal human and we can not handle all the dfficulties,so
we need others help.Maybe you can say that you don't need other's help at the moment,but you can't promise you won't need it everysecond in the future.So it's necessary to help each other.
If we don't help each other anymore,people will become more utilitirian and even triggers they lost their basic ethic code.The world will be cold, selfish, full of hatred.We don't want to see it.If everyone is willing to give a helping hand, can our society be a pleasant paradise full of love and warmth.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 92664b2b-1d60-3fe1-9ac6-e3ce2c285c1a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One time,my grandma sent me some importent things to methrough the mail system.But unfortunately,the pack didn't arrive on time and my grandma couldn't remember the article number.So I could't find it and I was terrible worried.Two days later,a postman found me and gave a pack to me.He told me,the register phone number was wrong----There is a '0' unnecessary.
From the example ,I know that to be help is a happy thing and it is also important to learn to help each others .Only with others help can people experience the beautiful of the world. And if we only do what is useful for ourselves,I couldn't imagine what an ugly face the world would appear.The love,the friendship,the happiness,the all beautiful things ,I think, might be disappeared.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6211e919-df87-369a-80a8-6bc5dd42d21b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Dating back to last summer vocation,I'm used to jogging in the early  morning .And one day,I got up early and jogged on the pakr road beside the river as the way before.Fortunitely,I fell over myself badly,and my leg was sprained extremely.On this very time,a man  walking his dog passed and found that I was in trouble,and he sent me to the hostipal immediately,and kept me company until my parents came.My famliy was so greatful to the man.
One cannot be isolated with the society,everyone is supposed to give others a hand when someone's in trouble,and he can also benefit from the experience and get the satisfaction in return.
Wihtout mutual aid,the world will become cold and hard to live in.And there is no need to get along with others.As the saying goes,a friend in need is a friend in deed,the mutual help is bond to  promote the society thrive and become harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3ae357f4-0e67-3193-bb77-8134d5c7e86b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is a good tradition in Chinese culture. It's this tradition that makes the society harmonious.
Although this thing had past 3 years, I still can't forget it . After the long summer vacation , I came to school early . I always went out because there is so few people in the campus. One day in the afternoon the weather became bad , so I came to school in a hurry. But the weather changed so fast. It's rained the time I reached school. I felt cold because of the litter cloth on my body. At that time, a old man came, smiled to me and give me a hand. I can't forget how warm I feel under the umbrella.
People should care for each other. Only in this way can the society becomes more beautiful, can the county becomes stronger.
It's hard to imagine if people doesn't care for each other. Maybe everyone has to live in their own world and face the challenge himself.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c0d9babb-281b-3193-967a-0d5100f5f24f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily lives,we often meet some problems that we can not slove by ourselves.So, we need helping each other.
At the beginning of the university,i meet many problems.I can still remember clearly that the help of my friends.For example,when the finally exam beginning,I can not found my pencil.I was worried about my exam.At this time,a friend gave me a pencil,so I can finished my exam.
From this,we can know how important of helping each other.If we only do what is useful for ourselves, he world would be cold and detached and our lives would no happiness at all.
Therefore, we can all see how important to learn to help each others.
And in my opinion, we should helping each other, and care for each other.Only in this way,the world can play better and we can more happy.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID dda86aab-3b1e-38c4-a66b-fec3083d7ebf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Long ago, it was my years in the elementary school. A summer, I cycled to the town about 10 km away from my home with my friends. Tender as we were, we could drive fast and skillfully. Faster and faster, everyone wanted to beat others by speed. Suddenly, my bike was broken because the chain was lost. While I was working hard to fix it, I saw a guy approached to me and he asked me to stop. He was big ang looked like the bad. You could imagine how scared I was.I ran as fast as I could with my bike. But unluckily, I falled and was caught by him. I was feared to death. But to my surprise, he just fixed my bike and left without doing anything more.
As a child, I was taught to be away from stangers because they were bad. Until now, we are still caring nothing about others. The relationship between people are getting colder and colder.
We should care more about others, for that way our society can be normal. If we don't, we human could become self-center and lonely. And surely it will stop the development of our society. Then, we have to stand the reality that we have nobody to talk, to make friends, to exchange our feelings. In fact, we are helping ourselves while helping others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a3641db2-5a68-3be2-9169-6b7577c81076> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once upon a time,I was on the way to the library and saw a boy standing near the entrance of the library.When passing him,I was nearly threatened since he turned his face to me and asked me for help at a sudden.He explained to me that his express had reached and it must be taken at once or it will be turned back to the shop.However,he was very busy at that time and couldn't spend time walking a long way to take the express.So,he had to ask someone for a short use of a cellphone to ask his classmate for help because his cellphone wasn't with him at that time.And the someone was me.I was really glad to give him a hand,but I considered it dangerous to give my cellphone to a stranger directly.So,I called his classmate on my own and put my phone close to his ear,holding my phone in my hand of course.And the end,I have helped him and I ensured my posseion safe at the same time.I felt happy and I thought he would aslo comprehand me.
In my opinion,people should help each other. There may be some traks in it,but I think if we take some necessary protective measures,we can ensure our safety at the same time.In fact,I think we are ought to help others even if we may be hurt .If people ipnore each other,there won't be process in the hunman civilization.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f09df789-6261-3a37-9d49-376de3e1da58> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember the moment my classmate help me when I was in trouble with great pain. It was in a P.E. no hours long after a rain. The ground was wet but I didn’t notice that and I rushed with all my strength. When in the corner I suddenly couldn’t control my body and fell onto the floor heavily. My knees were hurt that I even couldn’t walk. The tall and thin classmate and roommate carried me on his back to the school hospital. I felt warm on his back.
He is a friend who is warm hearted and always plays jokes with us roommates. It is so lucky and happy for us to care and help each other.     I can’t image what the society will become if lack of concern. But I’m sure nobody will have any happiness then.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d5e07bd9-64a8-3921-91e0-6a365d11b722> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other makes our society more friendly.Everyone living in the society meets troubles,so I do.I still remember the bad situation where I was taking my way to school from LongDe square.Due to  my serious headache,I even couldn't move a step forward.Suddenly,I lost the balance so that I fell over myself in the street.When I even couldn't known how to do,a kindly guy came to help with me.He asked me how I felt,and called a taxi to take me to hospital.I was lucky to meet his help.
We human live in the same world，so helping each other is necessary.Once we help others ，wo also get the warm when other people.This is the ture society where it is happy.
On the contrary，if we lose our kind to others，I take it our society will be awful，and nobady can feel the safety.will you like thus a unfriendly world？

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID dee816a9-3c99-3ce2-b435-2a762491ae44> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Several years ago, I spent a happy time because of the help of my classmate. One day, I hurt my leg by accident. When I thought I had to stay at home at least two weeks, my classmates gave me caring and helped me go on with going to school. Some one helped me go to school and back home. And some one helped me take the heavy bag…With their caring, I had no pain but happiness.
So as far as I can see, every one should help each other, and take care of each other. Because we can find the meaning of life from it, and let everyone have a happy life.
On the other hand, if there is lack of caring between people, and everyone only help themselves, how the social will be come? We will have no common development, and some one may even hurt others for the interest. At last, the world will be fall apart!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 336e0f3e-b936-3b11-a7bb-1c6c56f84ad7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Life is like a road. We can't walk along lonely.
I will never forget that my best friends help me pull throw those difficulty time .During that time, no matter what I do, I felt angry and bored. There is no doubt that it's dangerous for a student who will attend the college enterance exam. However, I didn't want to tell the trouble to teachers and parents. To my surprise, I found one of my best friends had the same worry with me when we had dinner. According to talking with each other, he told me that there was so much difficults  we had to face up. But we should appreciate that so many people were concerned about us. Don't worry. Let's pass through all of these together.
As time went by, some of our memory would die away with the disappearance of the sun below the western horizon. However, those people and things will come along with us forever.
It is difficult to image what the society would like if it is lack of help. Maybe that is a darkness, hopeless and apartness world. In my opinion, love is a apart of life's delight. Helping each other , the world will be full of love.
One person can walk quickly, but one group can walk further.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID deb4852a-8834-3171-8240-fc6ec80630a4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The world we live in is made of creature and environment. Every day you have to communicate with others. Since most of the things are determined by humans, you should get along well with people around you. Also, when you come up with some problems, the help from someone will be grateful.
It was 6 years ago when I was in middle school that I broke my arm. I had to go to school with my heavy bag. I was so moved when a student offered to help me carry my bag. If nobody helped me, I would struggle with my bag and suffer from the pain every day and my injury would be even worse which I couldn't imagine.
Obviously ，the world without helping each other will be cold. We should take it that you may get joy from the smile of someone you help and make every effort to help others and you will get your mental reward.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0d9ff458-14b2-32c9-9313-b5db714f4167> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When talking about helping each other,I would like to tell you a small story of myself when I was in junior high school.It was a hot summer with a burning sun.After I got in a bus with air condition,I found that there was just 1 yuan in my pocket while the ticket was 2 yuan.You can imagine how embarrassed I was.A stange student wearing senior high uniform of my school found what happened to me and told me that he can lend me 1 yuan if I need in a low voice. I was so delighted and appreciative.
After that,I believe that it's important for us to help each other.People should help each other and care about people around ourselves, because love and can be conveyed in those little but great helps.What the society will be like if we just think of ourselves and neglect the feelings and need of others?Love, happiness, appreciation will all disappear and the harmony in the world will fade.
So, let's help others when they need.Let people around us including strangers be happier because of us.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d95cdab3-06f3-31e1-84fe-1b94d0a42ce2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all know,people make up the society,and we never live without others.So we should help each other to bright the world.I had deeply been touched by other people for many times.
I can never forget the night before the National Day last year.My head was suddenly hurt in the basketball game.Now,I forget the pain on my head on the night,but the four fellows who help me to the hospital have been locked in my heart forever.They gave up the important game, they called the cab in the deep night,they made me warm with their clothes,they helped me in the hospital,the most important is we have just known each other for one month and even I didn't know the two of them.The night is unlucky for my head,but lucky for my life.
In my opinion,we can not only help others with lips,we should help each other in deed.
Without help,the society will be cold,we can not enjoy beatiful life.
So,I appeal"let's help each other".

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a194190e-266a-384a-b963-b1409836bad9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in middle school, I took bus for school every morning. One day, I stepped on the bus as usual only to find that my wallet was forgotten. As it is nearly 7:15, I had no time to go back. Anxiously and depressedly, I stood on the bus losing my head. After knowing my dilemma, the bus driver came to my rescue. He bought me a ticket using his own money. Although it is only 1 yuan, his help make me feel warm all day.
From my perspective, people should take care of each other in society cause I know the happiness of helping and being helped in heart. To built a harmonious society, helping each other is really the key. A society without help is a cold society that noone could living a happy life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 87974f87-218d-31cd-9a45-32ce2d46c171> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One person cannot do everything. Sometimes people need help.
It’s such a wonderful thing that being helped when you badly need it. Once upon a time, when I was riding to school, the front tire of my bike was broken. And it run out of gas quickly. I had to find somewhere to repair it. Unfortunately, I had no money with me. I explained everything to the person who repaired it for me. He smiled and said I could just go. I felt really warm at that moment.
No one can declare that he or her never needs help from others. We need to care about people around us. When they are in trouble, give your hand to them. Both of you can gain happiness and something more meaningful.
A world without help will be so terrible. People only care about themselves. Little by little, communication will be less and less. The kind and warm world will fade away. No one wants to live in a world so cold. I can’t image a world without care end help.
Go and help others. Warm others life and make your own soul pure.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9d7dde70-b26c-31c3-8319-980c6638fb5a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a little boy,  I was very shy. It was impossible for me to talk with others initiatively, which led to a bad affect that I can do nothing if I didn't listen to teacher carefully.
But the world was changed by a shining boy in my class, he turned to  help me with his warm heart and optimistic attitude.It was on the Friday afternoon that he talked to me after school. He was superised to know the fact that I didn't have even a good friend! He promissed to be my first friend. I was at a loss at the beginning, but I enjoyed it much after talking with him. What's more, he introduce many other boys to me so that I can talk more in our class.
From then on, I opened my heart and had many good friends, I can have a good time everyday with my friends! I won't have a good memory in the student age without my first friend's help.
In my view, it is essential for everyone to help each other and care for each other. Without the good atmosphere, there won't be a regular society and I can't imagine it.
Let's try our best to help the others who need help!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 36ed4463-725c-3bce-95c6-8b847d7c9396> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There was an unforgettable experience traveled in Sichuan when I was a junior school student. It was a cloudy day. When climbing the mountain, I was attracted by souvenirs and separated with my parent. As I was worrying about how to catch up them, a man with Sichuan accent which I could hardly understand helped me and gave me the way with body language.
I still feel grateful to the local stranger. Hardly could I imagine how I can find parents without his help. With help and care from each other, we can not only get through troubles much more easily, but feel the warmth around. Our sociaty needs warm hearts.
No one can live happily without help from other. Imaging we live in a world without help. You should deal all things by your own skill and the friendship may not exist. How cold the world will be.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4f54d676-0086-3766-8d72-b5d9956d5c0d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
With the fast development of our society, the relationship between people is not so good as it was before. But I think the situation we are in now was not so good. I hold the idea that we should help each other. Only in this way can we live better.
In the year of 2011, the first time I come to Beijing, I can not distinguish the directions after I got off the train. I was so confused, without any idea in my mind. At this moment, an old man ca me towards me, asked whether I need help or not, and showed me the way at last. I was so moved that words failed me. From then on the concept we should help each other had took root in my heart.
On the contrary, if we are all indifference with others, the world we live in would be perishing. When we meet with emergencies, we can do nothing but die, do you want see this? I know you don’t . let us help each, building a wonderful world!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3a0f248b-0fbd-3c16-b725-96f7544d8827> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a spring evening about three weeks ago, I had a lesson in the classroom, and after class I wanted to go to my dorm. Unfortunately when I arrived, I found my wallet was lost, and the worst thing was that there were many important cards in it. I was very anxious. When my roommates heard about it they told me don’t worry and they would help me. Under their help, we found it in my classroom after three hours, I felt very grateful.
In my opinion, people should help each other and care for each other, no one could do every thing by oneself, and everyone needs a warm relationship.
If there are no help and care between people our society will be a cold and detached world, we will feel lonely and life seems to be cold and difficult. So we should shine happiness and sorrow, give our love to other people and you will get the same.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9a8e491b-c77c-3eda-9b9b-5a318f207ac5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Maybe two years ago,I was syill a student of senior 3. It was a sunny day, and I was running for my class in the school's sports game. I have to run 1500km, it's a long way.
Not long after the gane began ,I felt tired.At that time, when I saw the way under my foot, it seems endless.I tried my best to follow the competitors ahead of me,but I failed.I thought I had to give up so that my leg can feel better.Just the moment I was to leave the runway and gave up the game,a voice came into my ears,'Come on! Follow me!'.I don't know why, I just followed him,and at the last I finished the whole game.I didn't get a good grade,I finished it after all. After that game, whatever I do, I would try my best and never give up.
The game I joined give the most important lesson is that just help others and then you may have do something that would change a world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fc0abf73-886f-3eda-b6f0-4930d9b86138> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As a freshman in university, it's hard for me to adapt to new environment as well as the climate here. So I felt quite uncomfortable
during the first few months in university. What's worse, the cold winter in Beijing make me sick. All I could do is to stay in bed all day hoping I would recover soon. But unfortunately, The illness worsen as the weather being colder. During the worst days, it's my roommates who help me go to the school hospital. Knowing that I have no enough crash in hand, they lent me some to cover the medical fee. With their help, I recovered in the end.
It's widely accepted that men should help each other. But it's easier said than done in this competitive society. A society lack of caring is an abnormal one. So we should still keep an helping mind whether the reality is.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9e069dca-98e5-3a88-adf5-23a4ad72fbe3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once upon a time, me, an innocent youth was helped by a strange lady.
It was a Friday, as a boarder, I could go back home at that day. I have in remembrance assuredly it’s a cloudy, the sky was overcast. With the awful weather, an awful thing occurred, I’ve lost my purse. I was so anxiety that I can’t do anything.
At that moment a gentlest strange lady take notice of my embarrass, she gave me a coin so I could take a bus and went back home. That coin wasn’t costly but it really precious for a impecunious person like me.
In a harmony society, everyone should be worm hearted, and every time you helped by other people should be remember. If we were selfish and only attention to ourselves, how listless the world would be.
To conclude, helping each other is a duty and excellence that we must take attention on.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ccabb995-99ce-36ef-a7e1-c19a9693f075> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Whoever you are, you must have trouble in your daily life. Two years ago, I was totally failed in my first NMET, which meant that I had to stay in senior high school one more year if I wanted to be admitted by a top-ranking university. However, it’s really hard for me to study one more year alone. Then the old friends helped me get through that desperate period with no reason. They encouraged me if I wanted to give up. What’s more, they would come back on occasion to help me to solve problems in study. I really appreciate for what they had done. And I was successful in the next year.
As far as I am concerned, human beings should help and take care of each other often. There is no denying that the world will be more and more hopeful. The human beings will be more helpful and have the ability to overcome various kinds of disasters or other difficulties.
Otherwise, the society will be cruel and merciless for lacking of assistance. There is no doubt that no one wants to live in a world without love.
So, begin to help each other right now!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4c001f1e-92c0-3071-bce7-6d29e8d84fee> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As the climate is always change, our life can't be what we want. When we in trouble, other's help are necessary.
It was a rainy night, and after I had finished my self-studying, it occurred to me that I forgot taking my umbrella. It was raining cats and dogs, and the rain didn't seem to stop at a short time. It was already 10 o'clock and I could not help to tremble for the temperature was too low.
When I was in dilemma between waiting or running towards house. Suddenly a person who was live near my house passed by. I knew him, but we even didn't talk to each other for a word. "come on, let's go home together." Everything was not important at that time, for I can go home without being wet.
Maybe this help for him is a piece of cake, but for me, is indeed a big favour. Our human beings live in the society, and helping others in ones reach is a valuable thing.
I even can't imagine what the world will be if there's no help. People become indifferent with other things while they only mind their own business and people can be trapped in a little problem for they can't get any help. If this thing really happens, our human beings will surely extinct.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID eade24ae-25fc-3367-8960-ac171bf34b9f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When people have trouble in something,we should throw out our hand
to him,and as all people can live up to the small thing,we can get a  peaceful and democratic world.
On Friday,I am in hot water,because of my poor memory.I had last my burse at home,and had no momey to pay for the things I had eaten.As I am in a state of utter stupefaction,the owner of the restaurant told me that I could give him money next time.What a sweetness thing!
In my opinion,the ultimate difference between the human and animals is the ability of thinking.As animals can help each other,men have no reasons not to help each other.
If everyone only care himself,the doomsday would be at hand.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID af7a587a-9ae3-3622-ba91-90e69efa66d1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There was a time when I was in totally mess. My things were put everywhere and my words were illogical. In short, my life was filled with chaos. Because of this, I had lost a lot of things that were very precious to me. It seemed that things were going worse and worse when one  day she came to me. It was like a weak light in the deep darkness, instantly shining all things up. "You are great and you should be more  confident.Just a bit more cautious about your things is enough."
Honestly, it changed me a lot. Not only did I correct my bad manners but I started to believe that helping others were neccessary when getting along with others. One little step forward and you can pass over the light and love.
We can't live only with ourselves in a social circle. If that happened, everyone would be chasing their own interest. The whole world will be in a big scale of disorder just like animals in jungle. The strong are running after the weak and in the end, putting them to death. Can we speak frankly that we can live up with it?
The answer is obvious. Helping others becomes an obligation to human beings. So why not hand out our hands when others are in need of you.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 44b80f22-4fea-373b-a0de-c5e61215ac49> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
My memory of the first time people helped me has now declined. But I can remember deeply one experience after I entered university.
I got really sick at that moment and I was coming back from the hospital holding a variety of boxes of medicine in my arms. There was a curtain hanging on the door of our dormitory and I had difficulty moving them with my arms fully occupied. Then a foreign student came out. Noticing my troubles, he slightly removed the curtain with a smile so that I could pass through. It was quite a simple experience but I felt extraordinarily warm.
We live in a society which needs interactive helps and care to maintain its proper functioning. And sometimes it doesn’t have to be a great favor. It’s just a common phenomenon that people often get sucked into troubles they don’t even expect. That’s why we can always find someone to whom we can express our care. Only when everyone donates themselves a little to the others can our world become a more harmonious place.
If all of us refuse to offer helps or assistance to the ones in need, the society will be full of selfishness and cold and everyone chase only for their own fame and benefits. And I’m sure soon enough the society will crash. It’s too horrible a nightmare for us to imagine. So let’s take action to make this world a better place with our generous helps and care for others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0c38a130-9028-337c-8292-0855b5821745> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once I played the computer game (wow). The role I played was a DK(Dead knight),beacause I have not enough gold(the money of the game) to buy something I wanted, so I asked the other player for help and desired they would give me some gold(Although I do not believe they would give gold to a strange player), to my surprise ,there were two player gived me the gold. In the past, I thought that the Internet is falsehood, and there were too much falsity and unbelievable poeple,but now,  I know that some players cheating the other players dose not means all the users of Internet were unbelievable, there are some poeple being willing to help each other.
In a word, poeple shoud help each other and care for each other,if we could do these, the world will be filled with love and poeple will have a better life.We also need to agree that there are some poeple warmhearted,and we need to learn from them.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4d132383-8c32-3211-afea-8eba41e8ad72> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The life is not always like what we hope it to be. Maybe we will face with difficulties and challenges before we realize them, but not every time we can do it by ourselves. So sometimes the help from others is especially important.
For example, if you want to carry a heavy box that you can’t move, but you have to finish the assignment, then it’s necessary to ask help from others. In our life, only by helping each other ,can we make difficulties easier to deal with. When I was in senior high school, I always studied and did homework with my good friend. Whoever have problems, we would help each other, at the same time we both improved. Maybe you can do it by yourself, but it takes you more time and energy.
Not only in study, in every side we should help each other and our life will be less difficulties and more happiness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 247601ad-e29a-3c8e-a677-eabcba4855d1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As a proverb goes Neighbors is better useful than far relation. As one of the social people, you will be given help by each others more or less, and no exception to me.  Once I got on a bus preparing for checking fare, but embarrassedly to find I have no money.   Luckily a beautiful miss paid for me. Although strange to each other, but I really thanked her.
Since we always get help from each other, and in return, you should pass on the kindness.  In other word, we should help and concern each other. No matter what a small things, as long as you could extend your hands, the other one will fell warmness and get through the tough time.
On the contrary, if the society is lack of concerning, we will be surrounded by the coldness.  And gradually, people will seperate from each other. Meanwhile our traditional virtue will fade away, and our society will turn into a tomb lack of vigor. So we should  insist on helping each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4e92fa95-048a-3b13-8337-3db199355e66> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I saw the title "Helping Each Other", a little thing reminded of me.
That was a cold night, after I finished my last class at school, it was really late. While I prepared to go home by bike, I found that my bike was broken. I felt really hopeless because I knew that I have to walk home. However, it was so late and my house is really far from my school, I needed to spend at least an hour getting home. The weather was so bad, and I thought it was terrible.
I stood there, didn’t know what to do. Suddenly, I heard someone’s voice. “Can I help you?” I couldn’t believe my ears, but I saw he is here. “Sure.” I said. I told him what happened, and he smiled. “May be I can pick up you.” Then, he bought me to my house. I appreciated him very much, and said “Thanks” to him. However, he said “It’s everyone’s duty to help each other”.
Now, I still remember this thing, and it makes me realize a lot.
Everyone should help each other, it’s our duty. Although helping each other is a thing that one wants to do from one’s heart, it’s not only we should, but we need. Only in this way can our society become more harmonious.
If the society is lack of care, what is it likely to become. I can’t image people walk on the street with distant expression on their faces. We all need a warm and harmonious society, so it’s really necessary to help others.
To make our society harmonious, to make our life warm and colorful, help each other, please.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5fbdff97-0383-3b45-a4fb-a514722439a3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We live in the society together, so we should help each other. I learn this by my experience in person.
One time, after school, the weather went very bad. The rain was polling down and the wind is crazing. I was standing in the door of the studying hall helpless, wondering how I could go home. It was a little late that time, and there are less people in the building. At that time, a gentle voice appeared behind me, "Hi, I'm lily. Do you need help? I can share my umbrella with you." Then she sent me home. when I arrived at home, I fond that she was wet totally. I'm so moved that she lean the umbrella to me.
I think that we all should help each other and give more careful to other people. Only in this way, can our society be warmer for us to live in.
If there is no careful between people, how can our society be? I can't image.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 21dac5f9-8bbc-3c5f-a889-1e733693f112> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Seeing this topic, vivid scenery was suddenly drugged out from my deepest memory. In that sunny morning, I went to school by bike as usual . But to my surprise, in the afternoon , there came such a heavy rain that the road was almost flooded.  Seeing my anxiety, Lucy held the umbrella for me and sent me to my home. Both of us were almost wet totally, but the lovely girl held a sunny smile all along the way. That impressed me deeply. And I’ve always been ready to help others since then, for I want to pass the warmness to every people around me and gain more happiness from the good behavior I make.
Fundamentally speaking,the happiness and harmony is the reason why the human society can exist and develop. And it not only depends on the natural scenery but also the beauty of human beings. Secondly,only when people help each other and care more for others will they live a happy life. And also, in this way, the work will be finished in a more efficient and effective way  with a good mood and by the human's cooperation.If not, the  foundation of human society will disappear. And that’s what we call the end of the world—not from the natural disaster, but from our selfness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a2d2daa2-0f0e-349d-a1ca-35b1b3904e42> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Life couldn't be a plain sailing. There are full of frustrations. When  I in my low, I'm in dire need of a real friend who can help me. Maybe just few words or an encoraged expression from his or her eyes. That is my happiness moment.
I'm very lucky. I am accompanied by lots of friends every period of my life. I couldn't live without them. They give me not only phisical but also mental support. Jane is my primary school fellow. We still call each other on the phone even if she is in Britain and I'm in Beijing. That is a friendship lasting for 13 yaers. It's my third year in elementary school. I got in trouble with my teacher who just don't like me for no reason. My classmates stood in her side immediately because her power. Only Jane played with me. She just came to me and said nothing.
I never forgot her eyes expression, mild, gentle, encoraged. That's the thing I needed most at that moment. Thanks Jane,I finally recovered and be myself whatever others think about me.
In my mind, helping each other is not a simple thing. There is an old saying: Give others a rose, the fragrant smell will lasting in your hands. Help and to be helped always bring satisfied to us. I couln't imagine a life without help. Maybe everybody will hide their hurts privately. People will only think about thenselves. Pssengers on the roads will hold one face, an offish one. A grey atmosphere will cover the world.
I don't want to imagine. I just love our warm life with everyone helping each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7de91383-e49e-3078-b094-bc3cabb8ad32> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
People should concern about each other, help each other. When you are in trouble, you will feel warm when people care about you, and help you. Is our duty to send out this warm feeling and make the society harmonious.
Here is a story of mine. Once I was going to a exhibition with a team when I suddenly found I lost my ticket of the exhibition. I was worried, and don’t know what to do. Then the tour guide gave me his ticket and I was able to get in. I feel really warm when I got his help.
If people doesn’t concern about each other, what will the society being? Community will be lack of warm. People are cold to each other. Walkers-by will be numb to injured person. If these things keep on happening, the society will be ruined one day.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 056ca4e6-7a51-3c3b-984b-90a9b9691284> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was young, I was so naughty a boy. One day, I was on the way home after school. Suddenly a little dog came out and caught my attention totally. It ran into a street, and I couldn’t help following it. Trying to catch up with it, I ran through four or five streets. After a long journey, I thought of the destination I should go to. I turned back and walked along the road I came. About twenty minutes passed, I still couldn’t find the familiar way. At that time I realized that I was lost. My legs were exhausted and I felt so terrible. It was a time I regretted and didn’t know what I can do. Then, someone I should really thank appeared. A young woman who carried a little baby and lifted a bag full of vegetables walked to me. “What are you doing here? ” So I explained my awful place to her. “How naughty you are! Don’t worry. ” Then she lead my way and I could get home.
This is a beautiful experience though it once was terrible. I think we should help each other and a society which is filled with love and help will be a world that everyone like to live in and live happily.
If there is a lack of love, the world will be cold and covered by sadness. So let's offer up our love and help each other!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 12046ad4-06e1-37c4-b9cd-18933326f408> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Standing among crowded people on the bus, I suddenly recalled the old man who had ever come to my rescue many years ago. That was a sunny day and I was almost late for school. After waiting for a long time, I could see the bus was coming in the distance. The passengers were so crowded that my school bag can not get on the bus. After my failing to get on many times, People in the bus were weary of me and asked me to get out of the bus. Just the moment, an old man stood up and went through the crowds to get out of the bus. I would never forget him.
Human is social. Everyone needs others help at some time. People should help each other and care about others. I can’t imagine what the world would be if all the people care nothing about others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 60be5c98-5386-376f-a9fa-6126948133bc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The reason why the society is called society is that it consists of large amount of people and everyone have relationship of their won. Just  like that  hundreds of streams gather into a river and many rivers pour into the ocean, our diffrent relationship makes up the society and nobody can live when he get rad of it.So,in the society, we should try our best to help each other to warm the relationship thoughout the world of fact.
Once in a time, I got lost in the train station and I felt that I would  give up. My hope was lighted again when a boy came over and was willing to guid me out. I thanked him again and again and he just smiled and go ahead. When following him I thought a lot : what the world will de like without care among each other? Cold and unlivable.
Nowadays, spirit like leifeng fades away but it's our duty to hold to it and teach it to the next generation. We should de generous to offer our help.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ad6b681f-71d8-318d-8262-0071d6e52df2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One year ago, when I was attending an interview which meant a lot to me, because of lacking experience, I was so nervous that I even can’t say a coherent sentence. Then the interviewer raised her hand and smiled , telling me that don’t be so tense.  Her voice made me think of my teacher and I was encouraged. Then I apologized for my tension and completed the follow interview approximately perfectly. When I known I passed the interview, I felt very lucky to meet that teacher.
Though this thing, I realized how important a help is to a person in trouble. People should help each other. Only in this way, our society will be more harmonious. Otherwise I can’t imagine what our life will be.
I hope everyone can realize that and take action right now.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID af39c672-4598-3691-a007-f9e1725abd3c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone may fall in troubles in due course, and hoping others to give a hand. Taking me for example, two years ago, I get hurt on my left leg seriously and I can’t move even a little distance because it would bring sharp ache. At that moment, loneliness and helplessness filled up my heart but soon, my classmates, teachers and even strangers come to help me. They called ambulance, helping workers carry the stretcher and transact procedures for being in hospital. I thank them a lot.
We humans should help each other when someone is in danger, which is a kind of excellence and can make our life more wonderful.
Let’s image what the world may be if this excellence disappear. When you are in trouble, you have to face it by yourself, there will be no one to give you a hand. When you are in deadly danger, you can only look your life go to the end.
To conclude, helping each other is a duty and excellence that we must take attention on.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6baa8ba9-3828-3ed3-b5e7-26d30d19ae4f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In contemporary society, anyone needs help, relatively speaking, anyone needs give a hand.
When I am in primary school, because of moving house, I went to another school. I was a new boy in this strange class. Of course, I felt I am not suit for the lesson and I can’t blend in the students around me. Thank goodness, a predestined guy helped me. He helped me with my English and introduced me to his friends.
Not only do we need help each other but also care for the people who need help. Now, many members in our society lack social morality. If the number of these people become more and more and nobody want to help others, I think all the people can’t happy to do everything.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 49125088-07e5-3f8c-be99-7035f99bcfda> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Society is filled with trouble and difficulties. No one will get away with them. So, help between each other are essential. A story truly happened to me impresses me a lot. Just before the final exam, I was too nervous to bring the eraser with me. Thanks to the warm heart of the school guard, I finally got it from my mother who was as anxious as me just one minute before the exam started.
This story is simple and maybe not so touching. But it actually presents the importance of the help in society. Without  help, no trust will be among the people and the world as well as the people’s hearts will get colder and colder. Furthermore, no help means no cooperation. The development of the industry and science will be delayed a lot by the cold relationship among the people.
All above is not exaggerated. It will absolutely happen if the world is lacking of help. So, to prevent the disaster of the human beings, we should start caring others from now on and make the world a warm heaven.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ddbdb124-18ae-3765-8b16-b7972fc921ea> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Many years ago, It was a raining afternoon, I went home after school without an umbrella. The rain became heavier and heavier and soon my clothes were all wet. I felt very helpless, then, an umbrella appeared on my head, a girl was standing beside me. How excite I was at that time! The girl took me home that day.
Even though the story happened 10 years ago, I can still remember it clearly now. It tells me the importance of helping each other.
If there is little love in this world, our society must be a cold one. People won’t smile any more. Our life will become full of pain and loneliness. So, let’s learn to help each other and make our world full of love!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 06d76df5-b44c-3059-8a18-b49d8d1f40df> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was about 8 years old, I was going on a journey with my parents. One day, I was supposed to stay with my parents and go to a place of interest. But I was so bored and had no desire to go to that place. So the naughty boy decided to flee and do something alone. However, when it was time to go back, I found I was totally lost in the totally strange place. My mind became a mess and couldn’t help crying. Fortunately, a kind man came up to me and asked what had happened. I told him my situation with tears. On hearing it, he said “Don’t cry, boy. I’ll take you to the hotel you stay.” When I was sent back to the hotel, I couldn’t feel more grateful to the kind man.
After this experience I thought more and more about the care and help with each other. People want help when they are in trouble. So in return people should do some favor when others need it. It’s hard to imagine a world without care between each other. The world would be cold and the life would be a tough journey to go through. People would doubt whether love really exist. Only if we care and help each other, will the world be a colorful one.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID eaf084f6-306c-339e-8c1c-f1e894fa6e55> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last year, I am admitted by BUPT University. So, I went to Beijing in summer for studying.
It was my first time to go to Beijing. I hadn’t gone to the Imperial Palace, Great Wall, Tiananmen Square, etc. and then I looked around those sights after arriving Beijing. And, something happened.
While spelling the Great Wall, I was devoting one's mind to up and up so as to forgetting that my cell phone was already out of energy. So, I suddenly found that condition after I achieved my goal. What to do? I could not attach to my parents, and there was no money in my pocket. In deed, I was in a state of utter stupefaction that time.
Thanks to other tourists, thank for their help. I was really hesitated about how to get help while some tourists seemed to find my trouble. A woman come to me, said:“what happened, kids?”. Of course I told her. She lend her phone to me straightly, even not asked about my identity!
Then everything is all right with her help.
I feel thankful to her, to the love of the sociaty. And I will pass this warmth to people around me.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 194e6c3b-aa01-31c1-8db6-b728b059b355> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In senior high school, I had a friend who had helped me many times.
I was impressed in that thing deeply.
I remembered it happened on the playground in a gym class. The te-
acher thought us play football. After having heard some skills from the
teacher, we got some time to practice playing football. I enjoyed pla-
y football very much. Then, I was so excited. Unfortunately, I have my
left leg injured. I remembered I just laid on the playground with pain. At this moment, a classmate ran to me and took me to the school hospital in time. I had known little about him. And we even didn't konw each other. But I felt so move because of this. Sure, we became good friend latter.
Since that experience, I feel warm because there is love. So I thi-
nk we should try our best to help each other. I believe the world will be more beautiful if everyone has love and is willing to help others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b28c1e0c-b671-38e2-b660-7b75c90d03e2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I first arrived at Beijing last year, there was no one else followed me so that it was a little difficult for me to carry so much heavy baggage. While I was in despair, one student of other school realized my trouble and helped me carry these heavy baggages to my room. And then he left with a smile. I felt so lucky that I could meet him. Thought I don’t know his name, I will always keep him in my mind.
From this story, I realized that people should help each other and care each other so that we can live a happier life. If we don’t care anyone, anyone will care us. The society will lack warmness and we will get in desperation. How terrible it would be!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a627ea64-4f44-3e63-a718-1ec5398e91ae> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I'm always stirred by an experience in subway last year. Tiredly on the way back to school, I got sleep on the seat, but soon awaken by some strange sound. It became a terrible moment when I opened my eyes and suddenly found my mobile phone lost. Looking around, the train was filled with crowd, and thus it was no possibility to find out the thief. Anxious crashed me and I had no idea what to do. Just at this moment, an old man seize a woman's arm who is going to get off the train, and told me that it was she who had stole it. The woman seemed innocent at first, but when I asked another to call my phone, she eventually handed it out and left the train immediately.
Every time this incident occurred in my mind, I always feel grateful to that old man. It's not hard for a man to neglect such a thief and keep away from potential danger. But he still stood out and helped me find back the phone. It is a marvelous virtue that ought to be spread from person to person. Suppose that every one chooses to ignore those who is need of help, what it would be of our society? Who can tolerate it when living in selfishness and inhospitality?
Therefore, lend our hands when others need it. It's not for the gratefulness in return, but for our conscience which is will awake, and for the every step to form a big run of our environment.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f3b0f0fe-8ea5-350e-856a-6ead05643cd0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a hot day in middle summer last year , I went to the train station in the downtown to buy a ticket to Beijing . because my home was far away from the downtown , I had to take a long way bus trip. It was crowed and so hot on the bus, to make things worse ,I didn’t get a sit all the way.
When I finally arrived at the station , I was so tired and thirsty that I didn’t want to say a single word . suddenly I was shocked when I reached my hand to my pocket for the wallet ,it was gone ,it was gone with all my money , my ID card , and the like .
I tried to call 110 for help , but it seemed that they didn’t have any time for those tiny things. I couldn’t help but shouted out , I felt so helpless that I had to spend the whole night at the train station . but at this time ,a gentle man came to me , after I told him what had happened to me , he asked me how much it cost to take a bus from my home to the downtown ,and then he gave me the money , I was so moved that I said thanks to him for 3 times , and I said I would return the money to him , so I caught a bus before it was too late and went home .
The guy was really a good man ,and I want to give the money back to him ,but I never met him again . today I still want to say to him, that it was you who let me know that the world is always good.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b150a6e3-cd19-36a7-b6e7-52504589afa2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is important. Helping can make people more and more closer.
Have in remembrance the first day of terms begins. In this new school I know nothing about this new place. But when I get off the school bus the volunteer come to me and ask whether I need help. I am so moved and accept their help. They take my luggage went to my dormitory. And tell me some procedure I need to transact.
Today I also remember them. They help me when I so tired. They make me feel warm and let me know thankful for each other.
What this world will become if there is short of care for everyone? Unimaginable, so we should do our best to help others, the world will become warmer and warmer.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e6c571a2-56c5-3a07-a080-5aad217ae968> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is one of the characters of human-beings. When you see someone need help, you will give a hand to that guy without thought. The difference between human-beings and animals is that human-beings have sympathy. We will feel sad for others when they were suffered disaster.
The Spring festival of this year, I didn’t get the ticket of the train which drive up to my home. It’s very hard to get one ticket at that time in China. There are thousands of people also need a ticket at the same time. Without the help of my friend, I had to stay alone in the dormitory this Spring festival.
If we don’t have sympathy. If we do not help each other. The society will be a heartless society. Everyone in this society only live for themselves. Crime will be see everywhere and every second. The world like this is the real end of the world. So we help each other means help ourselves. For this world we live and enjoy.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 44a2f67a-024d-3828-867f-be3b930ab8ef> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily life, there are many warmhearted strangers who help us when we are in trouble. Once my parents and I drove to a strange city. Although we had a GPS guider, it provided us with a way passing a bridge. But unfortunately, the bridge was being repaired. So we lost our ways. Tnanks to these warmhearted strangers who guided us, we managed to reach the destination.
They can help us without payment, we of course should help others in return. If our society is lack of love, that is to say that no people will help you when you are in trouble, it will be more difficult to do anything for you. It is the same as me and us all. So our society will not improve quickly. So let us start help each other every day.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 44d75be0-aedf-3d75-a05a-ae0f19844255> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
With the rapid development of society, people become more and more careful about life and themselves. This maybe is the typical of the human advence, however we become less and less unfriendly each other indeed.
I am very glad to have a friend to care about each other. Last summer, while I was a senior three student, a bad fever attractted me. During that time, I felt so sad and blue that I could not pay attention to the lessons. Though the head teacher were worried me and tried to give me some courage, that did not work effectivly until Lili came to help me. She attended to me patiently and comfort me friendly, never asking for anything to return. I felt very happy, optimistic and recover gradully. Lili is also my best friend now.
Assuming people would not help each other, the world we live in could always be the winter instead of the other seasons. There could never present a clean laughter anymore, just leaving the darkness in all our hearts.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a17209eb-294a-3f23-985b-b2c7602c0300> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Life is full of challenge, I'd like to face it, and enjoy the happiness after solving it. But sometimes, there always something stop me from growing up.
I am still remember that day. About a year ago, I recieved the message that my grandpa have passed away. How could it be! I just cannot believe it. My dear grandpa still smiling and talking to me yeasterday.
I felt great pain in my heart. I gave up studying and crying all day if I was alone. My classmates felt there must something happened to me. After they knew the reason, they talked a lot and accompanied me all day to let me away this bad state. Gradually I escaped the sadness and everything was gonna be OK.
It was that period I began to realize the importance of helping eacher. I can't imagine if there is no care from other people the world will be. People just think of themselves, and the world become cold. No! We recieved much help from parents or friends. That really help. So, give away your care, life will be warm and happy.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ab7283cd-6ae1-3d56-99da-4cda9d1b672b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As time pass by, the complaints about the apathy between people grow much more. But there does exist such thing that warms my heart and proofs the true caring in nowadays society.
It was on a sunny day of last summer vocation when I took my younger brother out and had a walk. But as kids were naughty, he ran away beyond my reach as soon as we walked along a bustling road.
Awared of this, I tried my best to catch up to him. However, at this time, a car was crashing towards him, and I felt hopeless.
Luckily, a stranger blocked him. I said “Thank you!” once and once again, but he just smiled and walked away.
Maybe this help was just a chickenshit piece in his life, but I didn’t know how to admire him for my brother's safety. I couldn't can't imagin the world would be without caring. But if all of us help others by any possibility, the world must become more attractive and full of sunshine.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 84e13d50-e8e5-3421-984a-409ba0918919> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
"Helping people" is a kind of sacred thing in my mind. On one hand it can be contained in a important incident like donating a great deal of money to people who are struggling in poverty and starvation, on the other hand it can be just a little thing like encouraging people when they feel desperate.
I will never forget one day when I was having a running test, I was exhausted and didn't have power to go on. Then I heard someone shouting at me: " Come on!You can do this!" Though it was only a six-word-long sentence, it gave me courage and faith to go on.
So, I think we should learn to give other ones a favor as much as we can. It is conveying a positive emotion between us and let us become motivated. And then we can overcome all the difficulties and achieve our ultimate goals. And also when we are doing them a favor,they will be influnced by us and trying to help others too. It is a chain reaction.
On the contrary, what will happen if we don't help others? People would become individuals and there would be no such thing called warmth and harmony in our society. In order to not let this become true in our real life, let's get start to help each other!
Have you helped other people today?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 76624b33-fa8f-385f-9394-c48b0d0cc2ef> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In Michael Jackson's Heal The World, there is a very famous sentence "Heal the world, make it a better place." So, how to do that? I think helping each others is one of the approaches.
Such helping behaviors can be very difficult or just a simple action. And I’m sure that such a simple action could stay in one’s memory for a long time and maybe a life long. I still remember that when I was in 5 grade in high school, my right foot hurt so seriously in a soccer match that I can’t walk myself and I needed to go to the hospital. While I’m worrying about my condition, “Come on, lay on my back, let’s go to the hospital and I’ll accompany with you.” I failed to reject his help, although I knew that there was a important exam that afternoon. He helped me do lot of things and talked with me to try to make me feel better all that afternoon. Later, he became one of my best homies. And I always offer helps as long as he needs.
If one wants to live with happiness, one should keep love stay in his heart and he will happy to offer helps. I couldn’t image how our world will be if none of us give love, maybe we’ll live as dead men.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 31603663-ed8d-3343-bb73-64519ffe89c6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Three years ago I was confronted with a severe condition of breaking up my ankle. It seems I’m sort of exaggerating my toughness, but it was impossible for me to walk normally for 3 months. Then I found my courage again by the help of my teacher and classmates. They give me many psychological comfort and assistance in my study. With limited time I can’t tell you how they assisted me through the terrible time in detail, which made me felt the warm of class and appreciate others from the bottom of my heart.
After I regained health I tried my best to help others with utmost sincirity. I think everyone should open themselves to feel the kind world and repay the kindness we acquired with down-to-earth manner. If we perform like this, can you imagine how beautiful the world will be? Or on the contrary, if we all mind our own business ,the world will surely be in a fierce state we never dreamt of.
What are you really waiting for? Just help each other, only in this way can we say ‘goodbye’ to loneliness forever and make lovely friends in our long river of life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 26e6ce0a-c322-32ab-a28c-943e7d79ccdc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In the society, everyone will have difficulties sometimes. And so we need to help each other every time if we can.
In my memory, I missed the road when I first entered the university. And there were a lot of things to do in the first day. Such as I need to find where is my dormitory, to make the restaurant card, and so on. At first, I didn’t know how to do these things. But there were many of students who were in the second grade or third grade waiting to help us. With their help, I finished all the things in a short time.
With this thing, I know that we everyone in the society perhaps need help. If we think it isn’t related to ourselves when we find others need help. Then when we need help, others will not help us. And the society will lose warm.
In the end, I hope everyone of us will help each other. And then our society will be more warmer.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2d586927-7306-349f-a7d0-d6ef8ecc0c99> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are surrounding by troubles sometimes. And we have also lots of friends giving us a hand, I think. Yesterday when I was hurry to my examination, my backpack was broken, the book fallen everywhere. You can imagine how anxious I was, and I cannot reach the exam obviously. I was to be crazy when a girl came over and helped me pick up the books, saying “Just go, I will attend to it.” And I thanked her and rush to the classroom. So it’s absolutely that but for her kind assistance, I cannot make it to the exam.
Single person cannot face up to every incident. So we cannot even survive but for the help given by others, and without love of each single person, this society will be cold and even cruel. And as we all know, such kind of society cannot develop. Every human being is desired to have a warm society, filled with happiness and justice. So just open your heart and give your hand to others for an ideal society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f53a8c3b-39f0-3e3c-9652-a34f82f3f88a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We live in the world with other people. So the communication between us is necessary for everyone. As is known for us, helping each other is the most important thing.
Once I came home form school, I took a lot of baggage with me. They were too heavy to be taken. At that time, Bob came to rescue me. He helped me bring my baggage to home. I appreciated him helping me a lot. But he said that is nothing.
By the story, we know everyone will fall into difficulties sometimes. And helping each other will make the difficulties go away. So why not we helping each other? The society needs that people.
On the contrary, if every one of us was selfish, and we didn’t care for others, can you image what our life would be? It is too bad. So we should view helping each other as a duty.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ed9d8b99-18cb-3368-9a60-f4bdba918398> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember the past time when I playing football. At that time, I am in middle school having a team of good friends. Once I hurted in a game, I am painful. They came to me, gave me help and encouraged me. I moved by it and I will never forget it.
People and people can be a family. We may help each other, give him a hand when we can reach to. In fact, so do we. Many disaster didn't defeat us, contrarily it made us more united, no matter people who are the victims or who are in the safety we supported each other and covered the disaster.
If society lacks careing to each other, it will become hell. The difference between the heaven and the hell is the attitude about help.
When somebody in trouble, we turn a blind eye to. It will occur when we
need help.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 678b744b-745f-344e-9208-8cd2b95f355e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I do really remember there was a time when we had final exams,and unluckily I couldn't find my calculator anywhere before the math test,which made me vexatious. But just when I was very sad and didn't know how to do it,my classmate Lily offered her the other calculator to me and encouraged me to calm down and be patient for the test.Just at that time,I'm very grateful for her and couldn't even say a word.
So this is my experience about helping during my senior high school,very small but veritably meaningful. As we know,helping each other can help people get out of the trouble. And we should pay more attention to others and help others with open arms.
And imagine what if our society lacks care and everyone become apartness? I'm sure in that case everyone would be lonely and helpless,which we all don't want to expect. In the end,we should know that helping others is just helping ourselvesand can also make ourselves happy,and it is helping that makes our world warm and full of love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fe6080ab-553d-3281-9bec-700bde62cdf8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was young, one day I ride a bike in the road. In accident, I fall down from the bike and get injured, there's much blood on my knee.
I can't move in that occasion, but at that time, someone run to me and help to take me to the doctor's. Later on, I appreciate so much to him.
After that case, I realized we should help each other in the society.     There are lots of difficulties when we are trying to complete a project, if we can have some help, it must be easier. The society is a big family, people are supposed to love each other and give others a hand when they are in need.
In opposite, if we became selfish, the world will be in darkness. People would be lonely, and it will be hard to live. We would never have a true friendship.
So it's necessary to help each other, let's take action to make the world better!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bed26992-9ac2-3074-be13-dcdfe9914ea1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It is said that helping each other is a kind of traditional virture of the Chinese civilization expected to be instilled in every traditional Chinese. This is true. The mild awareness of neighbors, taking good care of our siblings and our fellow citizens help greatly to the air of peacefulness, or so-called harmony.
This reminds me of a time when I hung out with one of my friends. It's not somewhat big moment. It is when we crossing the road that my friends silently walk to side facing the coming vehicles. He did it such naturally. Indeed, I was moved by such a slight movement. He is my friend.
I praised it highly because I was really engaged in that moment. The heartfelt feeling come to me that this simply exemplified the simple meaning of the virture everyone knows. We care each other. we love each other. We are all siblings. We are all mankind. Why bother to struggle?
If we lost the insistence of the virture, then the society become a worse version of nowaday China. Exactly!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b000ff23-ff4e-3dc6-a38d-7fabe7851b42> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One cann’t live if there is only himself. So we get alone with others every day. And helping each other becomes very important.
I still remember that I first felt the warm when I had been helped. It’s a very cold winter day. My parents went on errands and I stayed at home alone. Unfortunately I got a bad cold at the second day. I was very uncomfortable but I’m too young to know what to do. I mostly thought I would die. I was despaired. Then my teacher appeared. He found I was ill and took me to the hospital. And then I felt that I was alive again.
Yeah, it’s a little thing for us now. But for me that time, it’s very important. I think that anyone of us should help each other and take care of each other.
We can think that. If we all only think for ourselves, what will happen and what will the world become. If you go to a strange place, you don’t know how to go to the place that you want and there is no one helps you. What will you do?
In a word, helping each other is very important in our lives. Learn to help others and you will get more.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2fcf12c2-76cc-3ecb-a51a-236fa13dc12b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we know, friend is part of our life. No matter where we are, there will be troubles' appearing. So, a friend's help will necessary.
When I entered junior middle shool, I was always sorry. Because that's my frist time to leave home and sleeped with strangers. I was homesick. Fortunately, a thoughtful classmate detect me. He comforted me, and helped with my study. On that moment, I felt so warm and knew fride's importance.
With the society developing, more and more people become listless. They only focu on money and want others' help, but they
offer nothing. So when one meets troubles, he fell alone and helpless. I think, only people are united and helpful, will our livies be warm and meaningful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2270455c-a227-388c-98cd-f483a49f22f4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Our society is consisting of people and the relationship among people. A person cannot live alone without any other's help. So here is a topic that we should help each other.
It reminds me of my experience that on one occasion, I went to Yunnan for a trip. During the journey, I was unfortunately got an acute gastroenteritis and was very painful. But one thing that made me delighted was that a stranger of my touring group brought me to a hospital without any hesitation. He gave up his journey that day and I was deeply moved by his behavior.
From my experience, I think we can realize how warm the feeling is and we should know the necessity of helping each other. People should help and concern each other.
From my point of view, if our society is lack of the virtue of helping each other, the society we live in will be rapidly disintegration. Our society is a team. People from all over the world should work in unity and close cooperation. To sum up, the world needs our virtue of helping each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f253cad2-b407-3367-be76-ad64128c868b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There are many people in this world, and we will get in trouble occasionally, so sometimes you need others’ help and sometimes others also need your help.
Once, I traveled myself, I didn’t know any in the group that we traveled together. But, on the way to one sight spot, I had a terrible asthma suddenly. There were no one could help, but to my surprise, someone who in my group find me in the hospital, gave up their tour and contacted my parents until I was back home.
The society is made up of everyone in this global village, in terms of some aspects, we just like a big family, and nobody can live in a better life without others’ help. When we try to help others sincerely, he feel warmth and while someone ask him for help, I think he must give his word without hesitate. Each of us can do like this, the society will be nice and wonderful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1cb8b372-133c-3f77-8b6f-ef3ae76dde3e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in senior high middle school,I lived in the dormitory of school beause my home was far away from school.But my life in dormority was just like a fish out of water beause of the bad and poor facilities of living.And what's wrose,I am in poor health.After lili ,my classmate and the best friend knew that,he asked me to live in his home so that I can live and study in a very comfortable atmsphere and lead a healthy high school life.I was very appreciate it to his and his family's good care.
according to this thing,I knew that people in society should help and take care of each other who is in troble and nends help.I believe that our society will be warm and  harmonious if that thing could be done.We nend love,our families nend love,our society nend love.A world in which people can share love and care is a beautiful world.
I can't imagine a society that is lack of love and care among humans.It would be a very dreadful situation that is filled with selfish and unconcerned between friends,classmates,families......In that case ,people won't trust each other even hurt each other to feed themselves.The whole society will gonna to the worst condition you can even imaged.
So come and share our care to some others nend care.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 755d6c7c-2692-3048-b821-61fa4b4bbba8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In my life I have received a lot  of help from others.For example,i lifted some luggage and went into the train.When i found out my bed,a man who is warm-hearted tryed helping me put my luggage.I was at a loss and just say "Thank you."
After that,i thought over how i reacted when someone seemed to need my help before.And i was liable to igonre their silence "SOS".I found that i couldn't open my heart to strangers especially in public.Even if i noticed what  they needed,i wouldn't come to their rescue because of shyness or something.
But now i realize that it's totally wrong.If I hold  a sense that I will  generously offer our help if someone need it,both of us will feel happy and genuine even though what i have done don't work out. But if the society has less man like him who has helped me,i think people will be self-fish and less sympathy and the relationship between each others will be narrow.It's so dangerous because we can't live without the care and the support of others.Luckily it isn't and won't be.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1c14ac83-fcbf-3c94-8846-61f721a58d05> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
No one can deny that is the society relationship which distinguishes human beings from animals, and in the society we all family members and it is our duty to help our relatives.
Once I lost my wallet on the bus because of my carelessness .I had some important things in it such as ID card and my student-card. When I almost lost hope to find it .My teacher gave me my wallet and said someone found and sent this to the educational administration center without leaving his name. And I was so thankful because I needn’t to make a new one.
In my opinion, people should help each other, when people help the person who needs help, they can receive the same help when they are in trouble.
If everyone cares only about themselves and people all become faint, then baddie will run riot. And people will be in dangerous all the time, at that time, human beings are not human beings any more, and we are just man-like animal!
I can’t imaging when our society loses love, and I felicitate we can feel love everywhere now. And just let’s keep it, develop it. Please reach your hands; a small act can make a significant difference.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 833b7644-7ea5-3c2b-8a6f-c083fd8376e5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we know,we are called to help each other.And helping each other makes the world wonderful.
It was rainy last night.When I walked out of our teaching biulding,I found that I forgot to bring my umbrella with me,so I dicided  to run home in the rain.Just before I began to run,I heard someone calling me.It's my roommate and he ask me to go back with him so that we can share his umbrella.I'm really moving about that.
From this thing I kown that we should help and care each other in our daily life.Helping each other makes great contribution to our friendship.When helping others,we also recieve happiness.I can't imagine how it will be if nobody wants to help other.Maybe it will be  full of selfishness,evil and so on.That must be terrible!So we each should learning to help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9d4ddc73-1b1f-3ea9-a7d8-f5d6e75eace4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
My biggest problem was in high school,however,the time is also  my happiness moment.owing to boring life in high school,I always in bad tempt.It's my best friend that make me get rid of the dark days.He often chated with me and played with me.
According to my stories,I realized that people should care for each other.when we get over the problem together,we also get a happied experience at the same time.
as far as i see,If we lack of carefulness.everyone will easy to feel lonely.we will have a society which is full of indifferent.And the society can't develop.we also will have a bad environment.in order to have a harmness society let's care for each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b236b8f2-1407-30d1-b1dc-b3c77169ed5d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Recently, the topic of that should we help others is becoming more and more popular. Just like every coin has two sides, there are two sides of opinions about it. Some people insist that if we help others maybe trouble ourselves. But I cannot agree them, my friends always help me when I in need and we get along well just like brothers.
For instance, when I was junior in university, I not only was infantine and know nothing, but I cannot insure my own dream or goal. But fortunately, I met a generous senior man .He drove me in the right way and tell what to do and how to do. Depend on his help , I adapt myself to the  new life quickly.
It reminds me that, for everyone in the world, help is necessary .No one solve anything for himself. Indeed, we can learn many things form this topic. I can’t image the world which has no helping and care. May be overwhelmed by carelessness and violence.
Do we want such word?
Of course NO.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3a44eefe-5e55-3395-a1dc-39ef31f10cb8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
If you are a kind-hearted person,then you must be very popular among your friends.
For me,I was just helped by one of my classmates last month.That was a rainy day,I was struck in the teaching building worried about what I should do to go back to my dormitory.And that really made me upset.Then he passed by,looked at me,and offered to share the umbrella with me.That's how I went back.
I appreciate his kindness so much.In fact,I'm also a person who enjoys helping others.It's good manners to help and care for each others.If not,we'll live in a world without warmth and light which is too horrible to imagine.I know it's a little difficult for us a nation to do so when you need to help not to just show your sympathy.I'am sorry I cannot helping thinking of the death of little yueyue.But that's why we need this change. We don't need to do too much,just a little kindness to others will creat a beautiful world.Helping each other,we are on the way.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 530af0a1-9b38-35e3-a113-d3fdb74f0932> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I went to Changsha alone when I was 16 yers old.I felt so frightend because this is my first time outside alone.
I dreamed about traveling everwhere whith myself,but when the day really came,I felt so nervous.I was think about what my parents suggested me all the way.To maka me intrested,I played my cellphone.And the 5-hour boring journey was over.
I knew I had a bad sense of direction,but,I didn't thought that I had such a bad luck.It cost me almost 1 hour to findthe way,I still didn't see my destination.Finally I had to say that I got lost.what's worse,because of my using cellphonefor too long on the train.there isn't any electricity to call.What a fool boy.I felt even more frightened.And it was getting darker and darker.How despire and regretful I felt.
Thank godness,a warmhearted wamen found me.After hearing my stories,she helped me find the way.Due to her kind manner,I succeeded getting to my destination.
From then on,I found the importance of helping others.It may be a piece of cake to you,but it would be a ray of hopeto people in need.So,help each other please.Our world will become better and better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c8ca394d-b150-37ae-b2de-4f04dedaf3c0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I arrived at the college alone in Beijing at the first time,I found myself quite at sea.I didn't know what and how to do everything.Fortunately,people arround gave me a hand with open arms so that I could adapted to the live in college as early as possible.
In retrospect,when I was in trouble,I could handle those problem easily under other people's help and care.In fact,everyone must be involved with something wrong and long for help or just considerate cares.As we know,none of us can live alone in this competitive society,we need cooperatation which should be based on helping and caring for each other.Certainly,when we help and care for others,we can  get more happiness and fun.
In case we don't help each other,it must be a terrible ruin for our society.Imagine that everyone ignore others' pain and despair,what we persuit would be meaningless,all the efforts human have done would be regrettably forgotten and abandoned.At that times,people may be just like cold-blooded machines,living without warmth and friendliness.
In a word,we can never live wihout helpingand of course,we shouldn't stop helping others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7395d155-3d54-3135-a977-50d2808788bf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It is universally accepted that it is highly intelligence and strong unity that makes human beings survive in such a bad living situation and evolve to be the most powerful species finally.
Helping each other is definitely a kind of phenomenon of the strong unity.We help each other to solve our problems,meanwhile it promote the communication among people.For instance,once when I had already been in the class room,I just realized that I actually left my 2B pencil for the important exam home.I can not be more worried,becuse there was no chance for me to buy a new one in just few minutes.My deskmate saw the sweat flooding my face!He absolutely got me and took out another pencil to me saying:"Easy,buddy!Nothing serious.I have extra pencil."
I konw it is not a big deal,but I really got the essence of the helping each other.Helping each other is not just a "doing other a favor",but the connection with orther people.
If everybody just be selfish,the sociaty can be harmnious,steady and in its glory.And that means we don't live,just survive!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3c12b102-07d7-37be-bc88-414aa64a1132> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When we talk about helping others,we can say so mang examples.But now,I'd like to tell you a story about myself.
When I was 8 yeas old,my family went on a vacation to Beijing.And we went to visit the Forbiden City.It was the Labor Day,so there are so many people to visit the most famous place.My thought was lost in those beatiful atiques.After my mind went back to the real life,I found myself lost in the crowd--I couldn't find my parents.I was scared,and I cried.Later,a couple came to me,and asked my problem.After that,they took me to the police station and use the loudhailer to call my parents' names and ask them to came here to fetch me.I was so lucky to meet them,what a good couple.
We live in the complex world.So we are sure to meet any kind of problems,and many of them we can't solve by ourselves--we need others help.It is the same to others--they also need our assistence.To save ourselves,first,we should give a hand to others.
If we just watch others in the trouble and don't hang out our dignity hand to them,when you get into a trouble,you can never get out from it.And the world will become a lifeless planet.The human will not be called human,they are no more than animal with no thought and no morality.And maybe,not as good as animals.
So,my friends,let's hang out our hands,for others and at the same time for ourselves.Let's refuse apathy.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 42427aa5-b2d1-34a9-ac13-3941294d7a56> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Folks around us will always lend a hand if you need it,I've ever been helped with many grace people.And sometimes I didn't even have a chance to speak thanks to them.It's hardly to forget such cases when I was lost in trouble and found the master key with the help of people around me.
For example,once I was on a bus wheeling to my university.The carriage was horribly hustled that even one could not stand on the board.When the bus stopped at a station and people who wanted to get off pushed their ways to move.But there was no more space for a channel so people who didn't want to move had no choice and were pushed to get down the bus.It dangerous for those people like me that day who was near the door because there's no handle and you would easily been pushed out of the gate.When the bus was ready to start but I was still out of handle,close to jump out of the bus.Suddenly my arm was catched by one powerful hand,and pulled me back to the carriage.If only that,I would surely get hurt.I'm very appreciate for that.
In our conmunity,we should help and care about each other.It will make us society a graceful place to live.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0c5b9f55-65db-3e8a-a7a7-24949c4af2b4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our life,people will meet troubles more or less,and I am one of them.One day,I bought shoes online,but when them were sent to me,I found their size was not fit to what was described in adds.I was despaired,so I decided to return them.But I didn't know how to do it.This moment,an experienced friend told me that I should get in touch with the shop assistant, telling he my trouble,and he will lead me how to return it.The event might be simple ,but the help my friend gave me is a lot.He not only assist me doing whit it,but also he gave me the concern I needed in that moment.
I don't think only I need concern,and every one in this world also need.So we should give our hands and cares each other,this world will be better.Only in this way can we get our needed help from others when we meet problems.And I can't image what the community would be like if the world is lack of concern.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4e5875b2-26a3-3607-9745-a0beb30ae468> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are human beings who can not live without other people.So,how can we live a better life?The answer is ,of course,living with helping each other!
On one occasion,it was a fine day in summer with the hot sun in the sky.We were playing basketball on the playground.Suddenly my nose blood began running and I became nervous without knowing what to do but just screaming scaredly.It is one of my child partners who stood out to help me with my blooding nose and quickly it stopped running and I felt better.At last,he sent me back home with great patience and cared for me along the way home.
I can’t forget this thing forever for his goodness.And I also think that we human beings are members of  a large familly.We are all brothers and sisters together.On any occasions,we should all do others a favour who need it and think about others as if  we  were others.In this way,the world will be filled with love and nobody will fell hopeless.
If everyone shows no care about other people,the world will be covered with hopelessness of poor and weak people .Te whole society will not development or even walk back to last century or even to our ancestors.None of us would like to see this terrible thing.
So ,to live better,lets get together.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 029c24b9-d063-34b8-8e6c-8eb49fd278e2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping others,you will feel satisfied.During our daily lives,we often act as people who are helped.There are lots of examples I am helped by others.
Tomb-sweeping Day just went by,I went to Tianjin with my roommates.
we were happy to go outside.Studing in the college for such a long time
was really boring. But we didn't plan very well. We thought that there
would be plenty of hotels to live in. Out of our thought,because of vacation,the hotles were hard to find. At last,we ordered two rooms by phone. We didn't know where the hotle is,just asking again and again.
At this time,a boy looks like a collage student went by. We asked him and expected he known it.He said he never heard of such a hotle, although he had lived here for twenty years. We were disappointed. But he said he could lead us to the street where the hotle located.We went with him and finally found the hotle.If we didn't meet him, we probably stayed in the station all night. We thanked him a lot.
Every one needs help,we should help each other.Getting others out of troubles not only means a lot to others, but also makes you feel good.
If the apartness is full of people's lives, the community will be destroyed.People will be afraid of helping others.Just help others and
we will live better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 20d6810f-1efa-3378-a53a-00fae174ec9a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In my opinion,the world should full of worm and people should think of helping each other.Last week I was drawing the money at the ATM while everything was going regularly but suddenly the mechine was breaking down.I was so nervous and worried because my card was still in the mechine that I didn't know to solve the problem.And obviously I could't move away the ATM so that i could't call somebody else for help. But fortunately, an gentle and kindly woman came to my rescue. She let me stay here and she went to the bank across the street,calling the staff to help my problem.I thanked the woman a lot and felt warm, believing the world is bright and beautiful.
As far as I can see, the person should help each other if he could. We needn't to do what a great thing, just to tell the outlender how he get where he expects or lead the grandma to cross the street and so on. The world consists of a lot of people and we ought to concern about  the others not merely ourselves so that we can solve every problem whatever how difficult it is.
If we are too selfish to care about the others,  the world will be a cold and uncomforable. The people won't believe everything and feel disappointed about the society. For example, today it appears the phenomenon that a grandma fell down on the street but none of people passing away came to help her. It lead to widely discussing in the society. As a result, a lot of people, including whatever younger people  or adults, feel more discouraged about the world and lose enthusiasm to life. To a certain degree, it results in the exhausted people lost the last hope and came to commit suicide.
In a word,the world needs helpness and careness and we should do out best to think about others to make the world brighter, more hopeful and harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e6a56d17-4220-3680-a4fa-ebe001458e4d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The first day when I came to Beijing,my family lost our way in the train station.Disappointedly,we couldn't understand the sign and worried if we were too late to get to school on time.At that time,a young man noticed our dilemma.He did us a favor.While leading the way ,he also threw light on the meaning of the denotes.Thanks to his help,we arrived in due time.And this is only one of the helps I have received in my life.
In my opinion,we ought to help each other with our heart.On occassion,helping others means helping ourselves.To make our society more and more harmonious,we should help others.Concerning about others can let them know your goodwill and feel more warm.Helping others benifits you and others.
On the other hand,what will the life be if everyone don't assist the puzzled? As far as I can see,maybe life can't continue.Lack of help must lead to disaster.One cannot do anything alone.Without the help of others,the children in romate village can't go to school.Without the help of others,the solitude olders can't care about themselves.By all accounts, we will face the difficultis. So if we need help,why not  give?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e592ec18-a547-3ef6-a93c-11cc6285069b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all known, helping others is a precious act that can shorten the distance between two strangers and warm others, which can eventually make everyone's life more harmonious.
As for me, I was once helped by someone who didn't know me at all. It was a windy morning when I went down from my house and checked my bike, going to school. But when I get my bike out of my apartment, I found that the wind was so heavy that I can’t move even one-step in such bad situation. While I was worrying about being late for school, anxioused and disappointed, a woman came from the building, planning to get her car. When she saw my embarrassment,  before I said any request, she smiled at me,saying to me that she can give me a ride to school. With her help, I managed to go to school in time.
I could never forget that moment. A stranger helped me without any hesitation and asking for any return. And that morning also became  niceness to me that there wasn't any wind, just sun shining brightly.
With this exprience, I hold the view that if everyone is kind-hearted, there is no difficulty in our daily life with others’ help. Furthermore, if everyone can bring warmth and care to others, the return will be warmth and care as well. It’s a mutual act.
However, if no one care about others, life will absolutely be hard.There will be no warmth between strangers and the world will not be what the world is today.
So, what is your react when others sucked in difficulties?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 91ca5cf9-33ad-30e0-b041-2c2f6205828f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As the old chinese saying depicted "We can not live without others' help".It has told us the truth--if we are willing to get promoted or live a happy life ,we need others' help.
As for me,I have got a great number of help.And the most unforgettable event occur to me took place in my junior school career.After skating on the road,one of my leg got injured seriously which came over me badly.Because of it,I was not capable to attend class for almost two months.At that time,one of my friends to my home every day after class so that I did not lose any class.
From my point of view, helping others may be the best virtue.As the old saying depicted "helping others equals to helping ourselves".And it's our honor to do it as well.We can achieve everthing ,because of the help.Helping others also lead a splendid ilfe for us.
If we don't help each other,many things can't be achieved succesfully, the world we live may get into troubles ,and noone can be survive in this tragedy .Such as the scientific research,all the projects can't be achieved by only one person .As the result ,the technology won't get promoted and we can not enjoy the entertainment which is brought from the promotion of the technology.
helping each other struct a better world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2d829a65-2227-3d54-a878-8e764b7e2d7a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily life, we may face a lot of difficulties.Sometimes,we can't solve them one by one because of limited time.So we need others' help.
I still remember a bad but happy day.I got a cold that day so that i can't go to class.On coincidence,the physic teacher made a important test.But i didn't apply for a rest .Luckily,the monitor called me and explained the situation to the teacher.Later,i was able to do that test.I am very thankful to the monitor that he did me a favor.
With the time goes by,we will face a lot more difficulties,if we can help others,the society may be harmonious.I think the people shoulde help each other.More help,more happy.                                              But if evertone do things by themselves,everyone don't care about others.The trouble will be more and more.The society will be more turbulent.Everyone become angry with the trouble.The happy become less and less.It 's so bad.Why not helping each other?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 69c471f4-d021-32ef-9de7-3ff17d8094d6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It seems like that people in the modern society are more and more alienated between each other. And we don't care others any more. At least i used to think like that until something happened.
It was a rainy school day. I was studying math in the classroom when i suffered a sharp pain in my stomach. I knew something was wrong with my body so i decided to go home to have a rest. But as I got to the gate of the school I couldn't help to throw up. I thought I might have a tough time to get home. However ,one of my schoolmate saw me and asked me if I was ok. After knowing what happened he bought me a bottle of water and helped me take a taxi. You may think he was my friend. But to tell you the truth , I did’t know him very well and I just knew his name and so did he.
I was really moved by him. And I know people should help and care each other. It's an important thing in the modern society. Our world will surely become harmonious if we behave like that. However, if we don’t care others and help others, the people will surely become more and more apathetic. How scared we will be if it really happen. So open your heart and do others a favor when they need help. And one day, you will find that you will not be into trouble any longer.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bd79e2ff-3487-3016-b608-d8211c15cede> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There is a old chinese saying which goes"if you give others' rose,you can still smell it".
Sometimes just a small thing can impress on you and make you touched.I have to say that was a terribie but lucky day,in which i missed my bus to my grandpa',i had to walk.what's more,i lost my suitcase.worse of all,it was raining and i lost my way.then one thing brightened my day.a car stoped by my side,zhe driver told me we were zhe same way and he would give me a lift.i was worried about how much he would chage me all zhe way,but finally he set me down and left towards zhe opsite direcation, only then i knew we didn't go zhe same way.
we humanbings do should help and care for each other,Althought we may not give our help back to zhe people who helped us,but these people  we help will go on helping others.then zhe world will just be a big family.
Have a think what will happen if tere is no help and care from each other?then everyone will be selflish ,we will feel lonely and helpless whenever we get into trouble ,finally we will be no more humanbeings but just a kind of animal living for existence.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5f2af970-ba84-3457-be60-01da27a4ef3e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone will be in trouble.Of course,everyone needs help.
When I was in the middle school,I was faced with a big problem.I did
poorly in my academic performance so much so that I lost my confidence
in study.Exactly at that time, my teacher communicated deeply with me
and refreshed me.And as long as I was in trouble,she would tried her
best to help me,whenever and wherever.This career left a deep impression
on me.
From this event,I realize that people need help each other.It's not
only a virtue but also a rewarding thing.Though your help sometimes is
in vain,one will also appreciate you and when you are in trouble,he
will help you to the best of his ability.
Withiut help,society will be an awful place where nobody wants to live.
Nobody cares about the others, only thinking for himself.Nobody wants
to share anything with others.The progress of the society will be slower
and slower.The society will end up as a prison.
In a word,help is of vital importance to everyone.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2f337150-d974-3b76-937b-f2e1dc004db9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Although a couple of years passed,my memory haven't ever faded.
It was after a mid-term exam,which I nearly failed.When my chinese teacher returned our graded papers in squence and speak out my grades,I
can't even believe in my ears.I was shocked at once,and there followed my dashing out of the classroom in tears.
As I remembered, I locked myself in my room for a week,ignoring any persuading words.Then one day I turned on my computer in borance,and I found my mailbox was filled with my classmates' emails.They conveyed to me that they needed me and wanted me to return.I was deeply moved,and returned the next day.
Had they not cared and helped me so much,i wouldn't realize my foolishness.After that I came to konw that they were always caring and needing me,regardless of who I am,beacuse we had been standing as a union.
If everyone only cares himself,our society is always a plate of sand.People would be hard to get along,others would be untrustable,and our society would not be trusted at all.How awful!
So careness must get though,and we should give others the shine of careness.They would feel cared and belonging to our society,and help us
int return.You know,little help promotes grand evolution.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 909f6e5e-cbcc-3968-829e-a81d2492210d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
A common saying："Helping others is helping yourself."
Every time when I read this saying,a impressive experence occurs to me.As I was a child,one evening I and two friends palyed in a grassground.Suddenly,I didn't know why I wanted to make a flip,then I tried to do it.But it's a pity,I failed.When my body still in the air,I  lost balance,my arms held all weight.I was aware of something broken.Soon,I found it was my bone.I walked to hospital with difficulty.Luckily,a taix driver would take me even I counldn't pay anything.I thanked for his help.
From this thing,I understand that we should help people who need your help.Helping each other is a honor action.Taking care old man friendly and doing every we should do.It's the principle we lived in society.
I can't imagine if all people lose the heart of helping each other.It is terrible.Everyone is selfish.They do anything to benefit themselves by any bad ways.The society will be full of confusion,and people live hardly.
Because of these，I appeal that "Let't help each other!" .It is the good mean to help yourself.I bet you should do it.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f4be408f-9b40-3f29-96da-9ea8b1c99a5d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last year is to be an unusual year for me , because I left my hometown and went to Beijing for my further study. Without my parents’ company, everything seems a little bit hard to me. I never thought single life in a strange city would be easy, but my roommates make things different. I remember that, last month, I got a pain in my leg and unfortunately, the school hospital cant cope with this symptom. In the other word, I need to change another hospital outside school. At the time I was complaining the far way and my sickness body, my dear roommate, Tim, said that he would go with me with no hesitation,. And during the whole night, he took care of me. he helped me to fetch the drug, took the temperature and so on, that really moved me.
We are living in a society where people help each other in many ways. and it surely dose good for people. Nobody can live a better life without having other people’s help. Not only does helping good for people, it is also good for our society. Only in this way can we make a warm world.
What will happen if the society lack of concern and regard? People become cold and apathy. Life will be hard for everyone, because one have to do all the steps to finish a task.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 540a3ccc-0b5f-372b-b405-65bf10f6ce70> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Along with the advance of the society,there are less and less phenomenon that fellows help each other.Though there is no denying daily life is hustle and bustle,we still need some warmth among people.
So deep that I was moved by a person helped me tacle a little bug.That was when I was almost crazy with a programing code debugging,the logical error is so deep that I coudn't find out.Then a student nearby came to my back and stood,said "Here shouldn't be a minus sign but a plus sign."
Shocked by words he said,I tried to correct that way,and continued to debug.Then,miracle occurred.It works.It's not at least a big thing,but for me,it's as desirable as winning a lottery.
Just as what I said before,howerver bustling we are,there should be given some room for warmth for each other.Only in this way can we build a harmonious society and lead a happy life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c951c139-4b50-32f9-9fe8-909a1556ebf0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we know,everone can't steer cleer of being caught in trouble. While we have trouble,we may have a strong desire that someone  could help us out of it.I just have such experience.
When I was in high school,I caught fever one day.It was so terrible that I felt dazed in the dormitory without going to the class.At that time,my roommate come back with some medicine and hot water.I was deeply moved and remembered it in my heart forever.
From my experience,I realize that we should help each other whenever they have trouble.That's the way to live in the society with all human beings.
I can't imagine what the society will be like without help between each other,because no one can live alone in the world.There is something that we can't do by ourselves.We need other's help.If no one afford help,the society will not exist.Then person will die out.That's the awful fact if help disappeared.So we should give others a hand while they are in throuble.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 86138517-01e2-35aa-a8f0-31d56b0d9263> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There are so many people who have helped me, and I also have helped others. I can’t image how terrible the world would be without help, I guess that mast be the end of the world.
One time, I got a sick and left school for some days. I lost a lot of classes, and I have to work hard to catch up with my classmates. That was very difficult because I didn’t known what teachers had said in the classes. But some top students in our classes were very warmhearted, they told me what was said in classes and taught me to do homework. They also pointed out what was important and difficult on the book. With their help, I quickly caught up with other students.
So I think people should try their best to help each other and if everyone dose so, the world would have a better, more hopeful future. And if everyone dosen't help others, the world would be hopeless and human can't make any advance.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 35b0a574-5da0-3642-9acc-9f8693f855c0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day, I was traveling with my classmates in Wuhan. Although we had prepared well before the trip, we got lost suddenly when we were going to the Yellow Crane Tower. Getting no help from our phones, we asked for a passer-by for help. Unexpectedly, she didn’t merely guide us to the way to the Yellow Crane Tower, but also talked to us about the culture of Wuhan. With her help, we went to the Yellow Crane Tower favorably, knowing more about Wuhan.
From my experience above, I absolutely believe that people should help and concern about each other in our daily life. On the one hand, with the help of others, we can fulfill our daily work better. On the other hand, we can also obtain happiness while helping others.
However, if the society is lack of concerns, people won’t cooperate with others, and then the work won’t be done well. As time passes, the world will be worse and worse.
Therefore, I appeal for people to care more about others, and then you can also get helps when you are in troubles.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7cfb031f-9f1b-3e88-ab05-9d907dc12aaf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a difficult time，when I was in Grade 11. At that time ,I was not good at study even though I worked harder than those who did better  than me.When I failed in the final examination and even missed the opportunity to study in the best class.I was desperate,and I fell all my efforts became foams.I lost all my courage and I fell at sea.
But things doesn't always go worst.A friend of mine reminded me don't give up.And she said:"Nothing can defeat you but your weakness."She also did me a favor with my study and taught me some tips about study.Finally,I got the first in the whole class.And I would appreciate her help and accompany all my life.
If she didn't give me hope at that rough time,I just dare not image where I'm now.When I was low,she hlep me.People need help,and the more important is helping each ohter.Only in this way,can we have a warm sociaty.
If we don't care about others,what stuation the sociaty will be in?When you are sick,nobody help your work.When you get in trouble,nobody give you advice.When you are low,nobody comfort you or support you.How would you feel?And everybody knows the answer.
So,why don't we be warm-heart?Let's do our best to help eachother and make the world warmer.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3d45ebca-2581-35a9-8e39-babb1f55f234> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in high school,I had ever fell down on my knees on the stairs.At that time,I felt great pain and suddenly didn't know what to do.Meanwhile here came a classmate of mine and he realized my painful expressions and supported me to the school hospital.Till now,I'm still very thankful to his behavior and feeling warm.
We all live in the big society so it is our duty to make it better and more suitable for human beings.We should help and care for each other therefore.When we care for others,we can not only enjoy the process that we do something good for others,but also meet someone new.
Then it can be expected that our world is sure to be a more peaceful one.And to some degree,helping each other is good for educating small kids and makes their life more comfortable.
Imagine that people nearby didn't care about each other and we all lived in our own lonely and small world.How dull life would be!Besides when sometimes we did need someone other's help,we would have no one to turn to.Life like that would somewhat lack fun and significance.
We live in the same world and then ought to take measures to beautify it.So,let's care for the surrounding people and world!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5a7b008a-5f92-3799-8f8a-822919f4d1e1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Let's help each other
It was a ture story that touched me deeply. When I go to my college as a new student.I feeled anxious because I went to a strange city,all things I met were fresh.For instance,when I got off a train,I find the station is so large that I coudln't found my way to went to school.I feel helpless because I fear to be cheated.But to my surprise,a young boy looked as the same age as me went to me,smiled and speak"Are you a new student of college?I am a volunteer of beijing railway station."Thanks for his help I found my colleague.
To be honest if he were not a volunteer,I would not believe him.Because today's society,not so many people would like to help others,the world is more and more unconcerned.A person in a street will be use a suspect view to other.we can image if this situation continued,we will live in a world that full of violence and suspect.It's a worse situation.so let us make our efforts to let the world flii of love.Let's help each other,let's care for each other.To do this the world will be warmer!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8570de59-8ca0-3c6d-8eae-45c516cf25c3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
in this earily term, i had a bad favor,i was so weak that i could not go to class.I knew i should  see a doctor,but i found i could hardly move my body.fortunately,my friend came back then and he led me go to a hospital at once.I always feel warm in my heart when i recall that thing.
As a human,we should to help and care for each other , making the society  warmer .if you have the ability to make others out of the difficult position,you should  do it,maybe,the next man who needs help is  you.I think it is a important reason that hunman beings become more and more strong.
I can not imagine how cool the society would be if everyone becomes stingy.we would not have friendship and relative,your life would be  fiied of loneless.It is a disaster.
I like the warm world,i value my friendship and relative very much.
so i would help others as long as i can.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cbd49f09-3827-3a35-aa54-1032ba3fc9ce> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember him,the man who help me last summer .We didn't know each other before ,but he helped me a lot.Which made me realise that sometime your help can really mean a lot to others,though it may be an easy thing for you.
Just an hour before my final examination,I checked every thing needed for the exam.Suddenly,I realised my namecard wasn't there.I called every one who might know where it had been.Unluckily no one knew it.I knew which it meant to me,it meant not only another year in high school,but also something worse than that.I was so anxious as you can imagine.Fortunately ,the taxi driver who had drove me there came looking for me and said I left it in his car and then gave it back to me.I was so tankful that I said thanks to him as many times as I could .
So,I think ,we should help each other.everyone may need help sometimes.If once we helped others and when we are in trouble ,they will help us also.sometime a little hlep can make a big diffirence for others.
Instead,if we don't help other people,then I think the world will be lifelss and every one just lives for himself.There will be just onething left--benefit.People will do everything they can to benefit from others,even they may kill others.Maybe it will be the end for us humanbeings.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c48c8c7d-be5e-3cf3-bf52-8f215dc7c423> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There are billions of people in this world.As a part of them,we need to help others.In this way,the world will get warmer and beautiful.
When I was young,I was a naughty boy.One time,I palyed with some friends for a long while.When it got dark,I couldn`t find my way back houme.I was scared and frustrated.When I was walking on the road,a young lady came to me and asked why I was walking on the street alone.I told her that I couldn`t find my way back home,and she asked my mom`s numble and called her.Then,my mom came here and picker me up.We thanked  the young lady,and went home.
Why,a porsen need to help his(her)around?In this sociaty,a people cann`t live alone.There important relationship between a person with others.If everyone helps others,our life will be very comfortable and convenient.People won`t be lonly,and helpless.Our sociaty will be better.
In another side,if everyone does not help others,the world will be  cold and dark.When a people is nearly dead,others don`t give him a hand,and the people who others don`t give a hand to will just die.We can say,the "others" are murders.Without helping each other,the world will be hopeless,and evveryone will feel disappointed and despaired.The world will die.
Let`s help others.Just remember,help others is helping yourself.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3b5509cf-ba95-3c92-a4cd-4a241751fe28> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember the day three years ago.It was raining heavily.I was walking on the street alone without an umbrella,sick and cold. I nearly cannot control my feet to go ahead.Then an friendly aunt behind me shared her umbrella with me and send me to home.I was so appriciated to say a word.From then on,I am always getting ready to help others in return.
As we all  know,we shoule do as much as we can to help others,think of others.Give our hands to him,In this way, he would help you when you are in trouble.Keep appreciated,keep no selfish,our society will be more and more hamony.I cannot dare to image that without being concerned about each other,what a horrorible world will we stay in.no chating,no laughing,no beauty,no great life.
To my observation,we are all in hamonious and wonderful life,and only by devoting ourselves can we achieve our dream.Let's proceed in daily life.Keep appreciated,Help each other as possible as we can,something like that,I believe our world will be more and more beautiful!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6ba4081b-0fe1-3aa6-8d5d-84fe638d5a8e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone in life isn't a unattached person.everyone need help from all aspects, like parents，friends,even strangers.
in my memory I have got numorous help.i remember it was taken place in a bus.I was very sick and had no nerveless and there were many people in the bus.I felt hardly breathe and full of sweat on my face. when a natty youth noticed me and called the driver to have a stop .he send me off the bus and take me to the nearby clinc.i felt very moved.even a stranger could stretch out his hand to help others.everyone can do what they can to help others.it may be very simple for you,but for the person who got the grace is enormous.isn't it?
if  there were not enthusiam and fashion to help others ,how bland the world might be!when everyone just care about his own bussiness,and ignore the thing around you,you won't got any happiness from helping others.the world without emotion will gradully walk into death.
so helping others is benifit you and others. why not stretch our hand to assist the one need help?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cf05d6a2-7ccf-3f88-b977-d7242d25263c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We each can't do everything all by overselves.There is a matter which improves me most.When I first arrived at Beijing,I was totally at a loss.Fortunately,I came across a senior student who also studied in BUPT.He took me to our school and taught me how to solve the problems I might meet.I'm absolutely thankful to him.
Wherever we are.it's likely to be in trouble,what makes us in a good mood is someone who is unfamiliar to us gives us a hand.Moreover.the experience encourages us to help others positively.Therefore,not only can we make others out of trouble,but both us will feel happier.
On the contrast.when we pay no attention to those in trouble,like the hit matter "Xiao Yueyue",we make the world discordant.What's worse,most people may hold a negative attitude as for the society.
As a member of the society,help each other and make the world more harmonic!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6946bee6-d7f7-3633-b4b0-85cbab1f96c8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember the good person who ever helped me.Three days ago,when I went out the classroom, I found that it's rainy ,but I did'nt  bring umbrella and I had a important meeting to attend . I so worried .Seeing	others who had umbrella ,I felt sad and dispress.When I wanted to run to my destination through the rain ,a kind student walked to me and asked :"May I help you,I have took umbrella ."I  felt so grateful that saying thanks again and again .And then ,she walked with me to my destination .When she left ,I said thanks again.
In our society ,in my opinion,we should help others when someone one need helps ,what's more ,we should take a good care to others especially when someone is in trouble.So that ,our society will be more harmony and friendly.More important ,we can get help and care when we need.
let us imagine that what our society will be like if our society is short of help and care .It no doubt that our society will be
code and detach,we will feel more unhappy .what's worse ,we can't get help from others when we are in trouble .
In a word ,our society need us help each other and take care to others.	That our society will be more comfortable to live in with happiness and harmonious.To our everyone ,it's our duty to  help others and care for others to make our society full of happiness and harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID df8b68f5-4c3a-3adb-ab54-c0cecf8fbf64> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Personally speaking,it's no doubt that we should help each other if nesseary.If we can help each other,the relationship between us can be more tender.Because of it,the world we live in can be cheerful,charming and warm.
When I was in my senior high school,I was injured in an accident,and,unfortnately,I had a fracture.However,my classmates gave me a hand.With their help,my study life didn't interfere with the fracture so much.
As far as I'm concerned,we might as well aid each other when they need.Needless to say,it is effective to polish up the relationship among us.What's more,if we helped others,we could get their help when we faced with diffculty.It's avail for both us and others.
But,if we ignored others'trouble,the society we live in is liable to be too distant to stay.In a word, the society is so unbearabel that it's like the hell.
After all,helping others is helping ourselves.In other words,it's one for all and all for one,isn't it?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9c71afea-990b-34e7-94fe-5cf6e526a9b6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Nowadays,helping each other is becoming more and more important.
Even we have the help of computers and mobile phones,we still need other people's help and need to help each other.
The first day I arrived BUPT,I was a freshman.Not knowing anything of  my new college,I was lost.When I was worried,a freshmen-volunteer walked towards me.Seemed to see that I need help,he asked me if he could do something for me friendly.Feeling warm,I told he that I was lost,how to found my way to bank.He lead me to there,during on the way he introduced me some imformation of BUPT.I thanked him very much.For the first time I have felt BUPT was like my home.
From this incident,I deeply know that it is necessary for us to help each other.We help others when they are in trouble,they can come to our rescue when we need help.So let's be helpful people.
Help exists everywhere and everytime in the society.We can't imagine what it will be if there is no help.We must live in pain and trouble.A lack of help must lead to disaster.What we can do is to help others,now.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9c3f3881-9370-394f-a43f-6cbf1d0d1c02> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In modern life, with the improvement of science and technology, our life has become easier. Quite a lot machines have appeared in factories, even in our lives. But I think we require not only the help of machines but from humanalities. Our human should learn to help and take care of each other so that we can make a better life.
Many peolple helped me, one of the most unforgettable experience was from a stranger. That was a nice day because I was on my way home with quite a lot of luggage. With a backpack on my back and two cases in my hands I liked a drowned mouse. When I walked up and downstairs halting in the subway station, a man helped me and send me to the train station. It was a great honor of me and I felt so lucky.
From that thing, I realised helping others doesn't cost a lot, but can surely work. In defect of caring each other, people only care about themselves, we can't be really blest and our social improvement will be stagnant because of this. Helping others is a virtue, both you and him can receive happiness, so why don't we do that?
Helping others, from you, from now.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 21d60905-d6db-3e37-b258-455fead398da> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When refering to helping each other,we often recall Lei Feng.But in our  life there're many "Lei Feng" who're willing to help others.
I still remember that the first time I went back home alone,I took the train.My luggage were heavy and I couldn't raise it to the luggage rack by myself.When I was exhausted there came a man and he helped me forwardly.I was moved and thanked him many times.Then we talked a lot about  our life and that was really a great trip.
Since then I believe that people should help each other. One can not live alone in the world and when someone is in trouble we should help him with no hesitation.
But I have still heard this news:In a cold winter day,an old man slipped and fell to the ground.There were many people around,but they were just watching instead of helping him.I don't think all of the people around are stone-heart,but I believe it that they were afraid of  being cheated.If people keep on doing like this,our society would be unconcerned and selfish.So we should trust each other and help others with no expectation of repay.If all of us open our heart and willing to help others,I believe that our society would be more harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a20aed40-8ee7-3797-9224-219ea3abd133> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our life,we must have a lot of experience that helping others or be helped by others.Here is one of my experirnce.
When I arrived BUPT first time,I was totally a newcomer.The shool is so big that I hardly find anywhere.One day,I wanted to go to the libriary,to my surprise,which I find was the Students' Center.I was very disappointed and then I intented to ask somebody to do me a favor.But I was affriad that if he would refuse me.When I was hesitating a student who looked older than me came to me.To my surprise he asked if I need some help.And then he bringed to the libriary.I was so grateful and moved.
This experience looks like not worth mention,but it reflect a lot.We should be kind to everyone and help each other.In this way,the world will be full of love,there would be no more fight no more wrangle.On the other hand,if the world is devoid of love and people are
offish.I can hardly imagine how the world would be.
All in all,let's make a world which is full of love!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 000a88cf-a6eb-39cb-a6d9-d02f0439fc97> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once I got ill, and I had to stay in hospital for several weeks, apparently, I missed lots of classes, I was worried, because the final exam was coming, what should I do?
Luckily, when I got back to class and talked about my trouble with my deskmate, my deskmate came up with an idea, he told me that he will help with my study. I was surprised, since he was also busy with his study, but in the end, he did it, he managed to help me pass the final exam, I was thankful.
After this, I realized that people should help each other, and care about each other.
What would the society be if there was no concern between people? In my opinion, the society would be just like the dark night without any light, people would not believe others, crime would be seen everywhere and no one would come to help.
So let’s begin to help others, right now!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b94185c9-31ff-3c6c-ac04-defc256f0aa5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I could still remember how embarrassed I was the first time when I lost my way back home and stood in the street with hopelessness. Just when I was to cry, an old woman came to my rescue. She kindly took me home and bought me an ice cream. I said "thank you" and "nainai zhen hao" to her again and again happily.The old woman,of course, was happy too.
An idea come in to my mind:Why we need to help others when they are in trouble?
As a saying said, "Helping others is a good virtue". If you try your best to help others and make others get out off depress, you can get a feeling of happiness when them say thank you to you. Moreover, others will help you in reward when you are in trouble or feel alone.
Without help or care, however, our society will become dark where crime and cheat happens everyday. Without help or care, we will feel very lonely when we are in trouble. Without help or care, the human may die out in future.
By all account, why not help each other and create a more harmonious word between human and nature hand in hand.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d65857e2-5f96-30e1-ab2b-07764cca80db> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was yong,I often was educated to help others.I have hold to it in my life.
Once I went home by bike after school,Suddenly a car turned up,I can not stop my bicycle.I was run down.but what made me angry is that the car contiued to go in spite of me.I felt pain.an uncle help meto the hospital and informed my parents.I was hankfulness.
Helping each other is the trandition excellence.We should carry forward it.Lei Feng was often willing to help others. We should learn from him. helping others  not only makes others happy,but also make ourselves happy.now it is necessary to help each other.
If the social is absence of the good virtue.We will fell that it was coldness in the social.When we get out ,no one greet you .When you are illness,no one take care of you .I can not immage how the social will be when it was no helping ,no caring .So everyone should helping others .Let others fell your care.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2b3056e7-652b-3677-ac92-476f3ed28fb4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We all know the saying,"All for one ,one for all."It is to say we should help each other whenever and wherever.
It occers to me that someone helped me.Last year,I want to get one
credit in the bank, But I don't know the way to it. Fortunately,I met a
uncle who is nice and enthusiastic. As soon as Iask him the way to the bank.He smiled and said just go and follow him.Of course, I arrived at
the destation finally.
The story I share with you happens everytime.Anybody would get in stuck in the bad situation somewhat, they need help and cares,so do man who is the helper then.
It difficult to imagine if there isn't help and cares. Maybe we can just see others get hurted,even lose their lives. The society couldn't work well when departure exist because of no helps.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e69b5136-65d2-3cb4-b5c1-335d31617f09> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I think in our daily life. When we get along with other people. We should not only care about ourselves but also we should care about others and help others.
Once when I was a high school student. One day, I was going to take the bus home. But
when I went on the bus, I found my pocket empty ,my wallet was stolen. I felt angry and
fuss because I had no money to pay for the bus. Suddenly , a little girl maybe only 8 year old handed me one Yuan. she noticed my embarrass circumstance. I felt warm at that time.
and I thought I would be willing to help others like the little girl from then on.
Imagine what our world would be if people never help others and never care about
things happening around them. It will be really terrible . Why we are human is that we
have a mature society. In our society people are living with each others. We always be
ready to help. So we are human.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d80cd5bf-131b-3685-ba23-b5d347624ca0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The world need love,we should also help others who get into trouble.
Last week,I get a headache because of taking a cold water washing,I felt so bad,so I sleeped in domitory,my roommates were that carefully to care for me ,buying the food for me,buying the medicine for me ,thanks for that,I was well soon.thanks for my roommates,thanks for my brothers.
one for all,all for one.we should help others and care for others from now on,not only to help the people you know but also to help all the person who was in difficuly. if we can made it,others will be also willing to offer help to you, the world will be more and more beautiful.
thinking abou that, if the society lack of love, the world lack of attention,how our life will turn to be,the war,the hungry and the illness would attack the people,we would live in fire,that don't we want.to avoid that phenomena appearing,wo should help each oher sincerely.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5c7dc2b6-2cf0-378e-a1f5-db68d10fc07e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was 6,I hanged out in the street with my mother.I runned in front of her.Then I suddenly realised I had lost my way and I could not  find my mom.I was so afraid that I broked into crying.At this time an aunt found me and took me to my mother.She is an angel in my heart from  this time.
After that I realised helping each other not only brings others out of touble but also improves yourself.Helping each other combines people in harmony.It works in establishing an harmonous society.If every one help and care for others,our life will be hopeful.
Lack of that will bring about bad things to our society,such as cheating and carelessness.In that society every one is so slefish that no one can live with warm.Do you like living under that atmospher?!
In my opinion,although helping each other is not our duty,we should hold to it to create a warm society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 41330005-c70c-3b67-8ae5-23f5977bb3b3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Whether you admit or not,the world we live in is full of love and we can find others' care everywhere.
When I was young,I was in a poor study.For example,I can not understand what my teacher said in class even it is very simple.Sometimes I even had a mind that it would be better if I gave up.Everything was changed when a smart boy breaked into my life.He is my tablemate who is good at studying.After school,he is always coming to my house to help me with my homework.With time going by,I became more and more interested in my study and keeped up with my classmates.Thanks to him and his selfless help,I'm now in Bupt.Even today,I feel I'm so lucky that I have a friend like him.
In the world,there are so many problems that we can not slove alone.So others' help is really necessary and very important.So we all should care about others and help others.Only in this way can we live a better life.The more tuneful the world is,the more benefits we will get.
I con not imagine what the world will become without love and care.Maybe people are cold,selfless,and will come to an end.But I'm sure it is very terrible and we don't want to see.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 588c4eec-053c-38c0-a12f-d8fd96a252af> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Now, we ‘are living in a peaceful and comfortable environment because there are many people trying their best to help you around you.  So you should help others, and believe that helping others is helping you.
When I just came to the college, I am not fit into the live, so I had a very serious cold. But I have five roommates; they sent me to the hospital and stayed with me until I recovered. Through the time, they helped me reviewed my study, bought a lot of delicious food to let me to eat, and asked me to look after myself. I am really thankful to them. And when somebody is in trouble, every one of us will pay a lot attention to him.
I think we should help each other, for we are human, even animals do this; we are the most brilliant animal. Of course, if you do everything on your own and you have few friends, even though you have many money and flats, you will not be happy at all. And everyone all do things like this, I bet our society will be lack of love, every one live a had life, hey may be want to run away the world, do some stupid thing. More seriously, the society will be destroyed.
There is a world, as long as every one devote his or her love, the society will be a peaceful world. After all, help others, and believe that helping others is helping you.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cd0a1d4f-d761-39a3-8a58-d0857a848cc5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last year, when I was on the way to Beijing, my cell phone run out of energy unluckily, then I can't get connected with my father, who was going to pick me up at the train station. Because I have no idea about this city, I just stood in the huge station desperately. Anyway, I decided to turn to somebody for help. Then a kind lady let me to use her phone. I was so appreciate that she could to me a favor. And i got a very good impression for Beijinger. I will never forget that feeling.
My mother always says, people are born to help others. Apparently, that lady has a mother like me. When others were in a trouble, I will give a hand. I don’t hope that others would do that to me. It’s something about humanity. If everyone in the world lose the humanity, that would be terrible. Then accident like “xiao yueyue” would take place everyday.
Like the song says, if everyone give a helping hand, world would be great.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 557021c1-33b5-3d2c-98f8-6768b6d76a27> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last summer, when I was on my way to home, I found I lost my wallet with my ID card and all my money. If I couldn’t find it I couldn’t take the plane. When I was thinking what to do, a beautiful lady came to me and ask if I was in trouble. I told her about this, and she said, “ Don’t worry, I will help you .” She took out her mobile phone and had some calls. After a few minutes a man came and returned the wallet to me. After a long time, I knew that lady was the manger of the airport.
Everybody can get in trouble easily during his life, and sometimes we have no idea how to deal with it, but if there were no people help you, you would be very disappointed and you might give it up. And when you were handling another thing you can’t do your best, so you must lost in a vicious circle.
As time goes by, people who live in city are more and more selfish. Everyone is doing their own things but forgets to think about others. As we are the new generation, we can use our power to change this kind of situation. We should care about our friends, our classmates even if the strangers. We can give them a hand and there is no doubt they will thank for us.
Rose to others, fragrance in hand.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 99814059-0a61-3ae3-895b-da0796f6aa09> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a rain day. After class My parents were busy with their work,. So there's no one came to pick up me. It mean that I will run to home without umbrella。At that moment, I fell hopeless. But to my surprise, a man came to me:" hey boy, here is an umbrella. The rain is so heavy take it and go home". Suddenly I was moved. What he did not only help me but also teach me to have a sincere heart.
Few days ago I saw a video in the internet. It told a story that one person helped others and finally someone will help you in return. So, let’s do it now. Think more about others. Helping others is helping ourselves. If we all become apathy, the society will be bad. Just like the news called “xiao yue yue”. We should give our hands whenever they’re need. What is more important is that doing others a favor leaves considerable satisfaction and happiness with us. We feel we are needed and respected. As the saying goes, ”Roses given, fragrance in hand.”
Helping each other and the world will be better and better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 33b98fa8-0bd9-3956-b2b7-27517fe746ff> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As the saying goes,helping others is helping yourself.In our daily life,helping others is one of
the goodnesses that we most value and that is what we need.
Among friends,we need help.For example,when you have affection troubles,you can turn to them and
get mental help.Among families,we need help.Whenever you meet with difficulties,remember that they
are there for you.Among strangers,we need help.Even if picking up a purse from the ground and giving
it back to the owner also can be rewarding.
I can't forget the day when I was moved by a girl I even really don't konw.It was a day when I was
in high school.After a hard day,I got on a crowded bus with a heavy and full bag on my back.
Exhausted as I was,I leaned my body agaist the secure hand and took a deep breath.At this time,the
girl seated in front of me stood up and smiled to me.She said:"This seat for you."I was surely
astonished by her.In this society,there are fewer and fewer people who are willing to help others
like her.Though I refused her kind intension,I can't find the words to express how grateful I was.
There is no doubt that what us human beings need most is helping and concerned with each other.
Assuming that one day we lack the elementary concerns among people,everyone can tell that the world
we live can be the hell.Because everthing you do must rely on yourself,everyday can be a hard day.
Because there is no more concerns among people,you would suffer from extrem agony.
As a conclusion,we can't live without helps.Helping each other is not only a duty but a
responsibility.We must hold to the belief that the world can be more wonderful with our helps
offerd to ohers.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d082286a-0d63-3edf-8192-b3e2969e18c0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We live in the world ,but we can't live without help from other people.
Now let me tell you something about my experience in which a person helped me.It took place in the dormitory.One night I suddenly caught a bad fever ,I had no ideas but to wait until tomorrow morning.I felt so bad ,that I even cried .At that momnent my roommate felt my cry,she came close to my bed and comforted me.Then she brought some medicine and hot water to me.I took the medicine and fell asleep.She was here and took care of me for a long time.I felt much better the next day.I owe her very much.
I think people should help each other and care for each other.In this way we can live more easily and happily.
I can't imagine what the world will be like if there was not help among people.When people suffer from disasters ,if there was not any help, their situation would be worse and worse .when we are faced with difficulties,if we couldn't get any help from others, we would only give up in the end and feel painful at the same time.If there was not help ,we wouldn't feel the happiness from both when we help others and get help from others.I would say if there was not help ,we human would live more difficultly and painfully .It is terrible.
help makes our world wonderful, we need help just like we need air and water.When we meet someone who need help,we should help him or her as much as we can.Do you think so ?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 20f3db0c-b694-31c3-8a64-1e5aafadf4db> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Remember when I was in high school,there is a person I won't forget through my whole life.Actually,I don't know her name as well as her location.It is a typical rainy early morning that I happened to meet her.The sky was dark and the wind blews strongily.tired and disappointed due to the poor examination I had made the last day,I came to the classroom,put my bag on the desk and went out for some hot water.unexpectedly,when the bottle is full,I was too careless to close the toliet. So then as you can imagine,the rolling spoiled water run out of my bottle.My fingers felt a exemely pain,I jump up without thinking anything,which made the water of the bottle pour out and my clothes got wet.
Then she came,when I was about to cry.And without hesitation,she run to her classroon and soon came back with some medicine."That must be hurt."she said in a tender voice.After helping me to deal with the injury,she gave the bottle with full water to me.A smile appeared on her face,as if it could light up the whole life."OK!Take care of youself.everything will be better.See you!"And then disappeared before I could say a thankful word.
When came back to the classroom,I started to know what happend just now.I felt appreciate and warm. It seemed that I had the courage to face the difficulty again.Life is full of love,how could I be disappointed with it?
Quite a simple story,right?But it really made me different.love is not something special,it just like the smile of the girl,warm and comfortable.It also taught me to help others as long as I could.In that way,the world will become more and more attractive.Including you,my dear friends,let"s help each other,be concerned with each other!No matter how tough the difficulty we face is,if we do it in union,it will be defeated. Imagine a world without love,where people don't help each other and care each other,that must be cold and unbearable.what's more,the whole society won't develop greatly as well.Maybe accidents and cry are anywhere.Don't you thing so?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 30d419ca-974a-3694-aeec-aadb6ce40bba> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The World Will Be Better If We Take Care Of Each Other
One day of last year,I got a bad headache and I didn't have enough money to go to hospital.What's more,I called to my father and couldn't
get it throught.I feeled despaired and had no idea what to do .
Liuyi--a good friend of mine,found my expression was painful.She got
me to the hospital and payed the money for me.I was very thankful to her,but she said: "Not at all,you are my friend ,rigut ?"
After that ,I thought that when somebody in difficulties,we shoud try our best to help he or she .We ,of course ,should take care of each other ,and help each other.If all of us do that ,the world would become better  and better.
On the other hand ,if all of the people short of  the consciousness
of help others ,what the world would be like ?
No matter what you do ,no one will be care about it. For example ,when the old one or young one get on the bus ,nobody will take his or her seat to them. When folks lost their way at a city  which he doesn' know ,nobody will help him or her to get the right way.The world will
become offish and fearful.
So that is why we should have to help each other .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d0ab10ac-f742-337a-a0ce-424641c4d319> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone in our society all have  ever faced difficulties .When we face diffficulties, we must best hope that someone would stand out to hand out their hand to pull ourselves from dark time .When I trapped in hard time embarrassed such as finding ways in strange area, always someone finger out appropriate direction. Therefore, everyone in this society must treat others unknown friendly. Besides, when we come cross someone who is waiting emergent helping, we need help him or her not hesitate. If so , our world will full of love between strangers. If not, imagine that, everyone in our world all selfish, never helping others in difficulties. our world will be a cold and lack of warm .It will be horrific situation and it would be a nightmare in everyone’s mind.People ofen say: helping others is helping yourself.Not only does good for people in different ways , it also good for society.so take action immediately, our world will become wonderful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 46bd2967-262e-30ef-a185-6a7848862bf5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Help means giving;help means sacrifice;help means giving the love to the one you love;help also means understanding……
As a saying goes,"The people who help others help himself".I can't agree more.One day,when I played football in the playground.I fell down badly on the earth.Even I can't describe the feeling of that pain!When I was in  despair,a big,thick and a little bit rough hand jutted out.It's Tom,an aggressive and ambitious opponent we usually regarded as,supported me up to the hospital.I was very grateful to him.And the warmth was full of my heart.Definately,we became close friends then.
So, as far as I am concerned.People should help each other,and take care of each other.If everyone lacked of love,and help disppeared in the society.We would be really sorry and we can do nothing.So please always be ready to provide your assistance to others,and then others will help back.Let's make it together to build a "I need you and I am needed"society!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f72421a6-7393-3b05-b9e7-1595e5376e20> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was 16,I did bad in school. My teachers always said I was too bad to teach. Then my best friend, Ge, helped me. He often asked me to go to his room and did homework with him. As long as I met something I don’t know, he would explan them to me patiently. After a long time,  my grates improved.
In my opinion, everyone shall help the one who need help. We shall learn to love and to be loved.
What will happen to the society if we don’t help others?
There would be more and more bad guys in the society, and there would be no police or someone else to stop what the bad guys do. Then we would find it is hard for us to live in the cociety.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ecdffbf5-7cb5-3f1c-8823-40566e3ada7c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Just weeks ago,I was confronted with some difficult math problems,and fortunately, my roommate skills in this area.So I turned to him and finally got a clear idea of them.
For this issue,I think that we need to help and care for each other.When you help others, others will help you in return.What's more important,during the progress of help,the relationships between you and others will be enhanced.
I cant't imagine,without others' help,how we live happily together in this world.In this case,our society will be indifferent,no love,and no hope.In order to avoid this phenomenon happening,we have to think more about others and don't hesitate to give others a hand.As long as this is taken, I believe a harmony society will be achieved in the near future.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b3a85b65-a709-3f6a-b235-6a6bd9ba72e6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a sunney afternoony when I was carrying a lot of books walking back to the dormitory.The books are very heavy and it was difficult for me to bring them back to the dormitory. What made things worse is that I dropped some of the books on the ground. I was amost lose hope when a  student came,help me pick up the books and carry them back to my dormitory. He helped me without knowing me,and I thanked him a lot of times with knowing his name.But the truth is he and I were happy in the end.
I thought about this many times,and remembered what my parents told me when I was very young.Finally I got the reason.That is both of them gain a lot from this and they feel happy.
But what will it looks like when there was no help between each other. The relationship between people will become worse and worse. It will be hard for a person to succeed.Our society will be just like a hell.So just be concern about others and try you best to make the earth a better place to live.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4088cadc-7124-310a-ae46-ac18a24b4e76> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Nowdays,we would likely get along with warm-hearted person.They are always ready to give us a hand.Helping each other can make our society more harmonious.
Once upon a time,I played basketball with my classmates.When we were playing basketball together excitedly,my leg was hit by the basketball by accident.Suddenly I felt a huge pain from my leg.It was so painful for me that I even could not walk normally.Seeing me lying on the floor,my classmates came to me hurriedly and supported me with hand.At the  same time,other people went to the infirmary and borrowed a wheelchair.They also bought some ice and put it on my broken leg,which could make me feel not so painful. With the help of my classmates,I was finally sent to the infirmary and got a well treatment in due cause.
So as you can see,we should help each other if others are in trouble.Helping others can make both others and us feel warm.If there is no concern in our daily life,Ican not imagine what our society would be.It may become a unbending world.In a word,helping each other is necessary in our life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a76e2ef2-d343-3830-997b-312138063993> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was two hours after class, my deskmate, Liu Ming helpped me study Maths in our classroom patiently. We would have the middle examination one weeks later, and I was so weak in maths that I felt that I could not pass the exam. Fortunately, Liu Ming did very accomplished in maths and was ready to help me. With his help, I passed the exam and I would never forget it.
Learn from the example, we can say that giving somebody in trouble a hand will bring he or she a lot of benefits, so we should be ready to help others. In my own opinion, people should help and care about each other, and our lives will be more beautiful. Help each other can make us happy and bring us a lot of convenience. But people do not help each other, the society would become a cold world which is lack of love and freindship. I can say that nobody woule like to live in such a world.
In a world, people should help each other. Hence, our world will become warmmer and we will live more happily.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 99534301-772b-3aa5-af7f-3784618b5f65> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Nowadays, It is impossible for all of to stop interflowing with others, and we often needs others’ help and help others.
When I first went to high school, leaving away from my family, I felt very lonely and cheerless. During that time, I was interesting in nothing except missing my families. Then one of my classmates,called lihua, came up and cheered me up. He shared his own story with me , which was similar with mine and really encouraged me.Thus I recovered from the lost.
We should help each other no matter when and where as long as reasonable help is needed. What if there are no hands when we meet troubles? Maybe you could reach to one feet, but you could get to one mile with the help of others. We should help others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e6572e18-cd8c-38cf-8eca-b74347780c1d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I never forgot these days when Chen stayed with me when I am ill at school.Last year,my eyes abruptly become burn and my eyesight is more and more bad.I relise that I was ill.At this time,Chen finds my problem,when we come to the doctor's,doctor told me that it will last one or two month before it recover.At the next days Chen help me a lot such as going to class with me,helping me take notes so that my study counld go on.After that,we become good friends and we often help each other.
Nowadays many people are more and more busy in work and forget to care about the person around them.But when they find themselves need help,they cann't find anypeople to help.If more and more people doesn't care about others,I think they will work with more and more difficults.
On the contrary,if more people take care about others around them,they will work easier and easier because the people who have been help by you will also help you when you need to be help.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8e707ee2-93d2-35c2-9453-8f09c4f4abe3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I can never forget what Mr.Zhang do for me last week.
last monday I needed to make a simple league film with my partner,
but in that one of our members got back home unexpectedly, we had no camera to use. I was almost desperate because of deadline. When Mr.Zhang knew that, he didn't hesitate to lend me his. Believe it or not, Knowing each other only through the internet,we didn't even greet each other! Under his assistance, our work was done.
There is a old Chinese saying:we're all brothers around the world. When someone gets into some trouble, we need to do him a favor in due course. In that case you can get others' helps when you're in such condition. In other aspect, sometimes we have to sacrifice to do the right thing.
"Heal the world, make it a better place." How can we lead a better life if no one care about others? We would feel cold, alone, hopeless. The entire human beings would die off slowly. Where would we go to find  light to light up our life? The world needs love, as ourselves really do, to make a better place for you and for me.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 10e19600-f6db-3a4e-9fff-9f5bfa21990b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Give your hand to others
Ever,i fall into the lake by accident when i was 12 years old and what was bad is that i can't swim. I was strugguling and cring because of fearing. Luckly, a man who was driving by noticed me ,and he jumped into the lack and draped me out of the water.In this way he saved my life.
If lack of the help of that man,maybe i am not here. Wo do a little  to help others, but maybe that meaning a lot to the poeple in need. On the other hand, everyone would be in trouble ,and need to be given a hand to go out of the trouble. So we shuold help the people in need just like we in need want to be helped!
If our life lake of the help, lake of the care, our life would be bad.world lake of love is not our world ,there would be a lot important things being lost unnecessarily. At that time ,no one would give us a hand ,there in no love, but only the ice!
Give your hand to others, just alittle but is in need!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8f787c41-3d48-3e53-b8b1-a415997f8bea> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
That time, when I was playing ping-pang ,my right hand was badly hurt because of the wet ground.Then after school ,it was time to go home,but I couldn't do it for I couldn't ride my bike.He appeared , who is my best friend named Qiao Huan .He helped me to set my bike in my grandfather's home and helped me go home while it was raining.
"Thanks."I give this sentence to all people who have helped others.Always,I have a feeling of the flow of warmth when I am helped by others.I love the feeling ,and I think it will get the ice between people destroyed and make people's relationship better. Help,just like a sun,warms our heart.
If all people only care themselves and don' t care others ,what will happen ?I think that will be the worst "2012",the end of this world.We should know that we human are the most important  in this world.So we should love each other , and help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1fc094f9-7820-334b-a116-89fe7b6c65ea> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It happened on my way to my hometown.On the train,I carried a big case so that I can't put it on the shelf.On this time,a good person helped me.It made us get on well with each other.It made both us had a good trip.
The world likes a big family.All of us must have some difficult one day.Giving a hand to the person who need help is our hounor.It can make our relationship more friendly and closer.
If we lose sympathy,the world will be more colder and worse.Everyone can't do the thing perfect without others help.And more people will do the thing against the law for their benifit.We will find making a friend also is a difficult thing.Maybe the justice and peace will go away.
So don't hesitate to give a hand to others.Be a warm-heart person,you will find the world is so beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8b466bf3-06e6-3eda-a9be-c36d3bd75b21> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Living in the world, everyone need the help from others. The 'others' doesn't mean our parents,relative,friends and so on. It's mean the person you have never met before, but when you in crisis, he or she came to your rescue without reward.
Fortunately, I was acquired help by 'the other'. That was a runny day, the water pour down like waterfall. Finished my class of driving, I was going to go home with the regular bus provided by the school. However, the rain made the traffic of Beijing nearly breakdown. therefore the bus was foced to stop in the 6th circuit. And my home is located in 3th circuit. My parents was waiting me at home but I don't know how to come back. At this time, a senior sister helped me. We went off the bus and walk to the subway without rainbow. She didn't go away until saw I was in home.I will never forget her, and thanks her forever.
Everbody need other's help. And when others in trouble, we should try our best to help them. It can't image if the world lack of help, the world will be evolved in how terrible view! Each of person only think of himself. Maybe a old died in the side but no one care! So at once, give other your hand making the world get more and more warm.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 25cf1341-dbd1-3d98-a072-92db41a01efd> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
No matter how strong a man is, he can not live alone or do everything only relying on himself. As we all know, people reside together in the remote past. Therefore, helping each other, which benefits to sustain a harmonious generation, is of great significance to our human relationships.
There’s a scene will never fade out in my mind. When I was approximately six years old, I get injured on account of cycling at a full speed. I fell down from my bicycle and even couldn’t stand again. Seeing blood pouring out from my legs, I couldn’t do anything but cry. However, at that time, a girl like beautiful sunshine brightened my life. She helped me stand up and called my dad to send me to near hospital. From then on, I have learned to help others.
As far as I’m concerned, everyone is supposed to help each other.
It’s widely known that the rose’s in her hand, the flavor in mine. When helping others, in the meantime, is helping yourself.
Providing that our society lacks of concern, we can’t feel warm anymore in spite of beautiful sunshine. Apartness, loneliness and numbness will be full of our daily life. Moreover, happiness and warmness will die away.
In a word, it’s urgent to learn to help each other and be concerned about the world!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5ef415f8-3d58-3462-b1a2-3501ffbc7fc8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a warm day last winter when I first came to War-mart in Beijing. I didn’t know better of it at that time so as to lose my way. As you know, the roads in Beijing are much pretty broad, so I just found similar buildings from hereto there. While I was anxiety, a girl seemed like the nation came to me and told me the correct direction.
The future is unexpected and no one could guarantee that he doesn’t need any help at any time. So don’t be so selfish to lend your hand when some one needs your help. You are inneed reflects that you are remenbered and valuable. And to help each other is a measure to avoid a life of isolation.
Come to think about a world in which people never help each others. No “excuse me”, no “thanks”, no “it’s my pleasure”. Everyone just care abut his own affairs. This kind of world is undesirable because of the absent of empressement. We don't live in the world alone and so does the people surround us.  To help others and give yourself an opportunity to blend in the society, making life better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 89e9c007-2985-3720-9c9d-a4719a0eb9cb> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is not only a good habits among our daily life, but also a high culture to built a harmonious society.
Once I was catch a bus to school without money in my pocket, which I didn't notice that until I get on the bus. When I was standing beside the coin box and searching for my coins confusedly, I can still remember how embarrassed I was. I could feel everybody's sight focus on  me. While I was crag-fast, the bus driver gave me a coin, which was taken from his wallet. I was so feeling that he could help a stranger without hesitation. Although this is only a trivial matter, but I understand from the deep to accept the help of others will be how the warmth of their hearts.
When we help others, others will be in the hearts of warmth,and others to help us, our hearts will also comfort.
I couldn't think a world we living without help. It might be a cold and detached world. People do their own things and won't lend a helping hand for others. The world like this is not appropriate for development.
So lets helping each other from now on as we can.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID eb45a27f-7c58-3d28-82d0-7d421496bac0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It is significance of us to help someone who has problems. When we help individuals, we will foster our friendship and social responsibility. Furthermore, who we help for will feel enormous satisfaction and his or her problems will be resolved.
In retrospect, many individuals have helped me. For example, one day, there is something wrong in my computer. Believe it or not, I was so anxious about it, like an ant which was on the a hot pan. And Jin said that he would help me. Then we went to the fix shop which was on the corner. He repaired it with me, and we had a busy time. While the computer was broken as before, our friendship and reliance were deeper and deeper.
If our world lacked of regarding, the reliance among individuals will be harmed. What we advocate is helping each other. By means of helping each other, we will gain happiness and approvement. It is our dream, and forever.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ed048e9c-d32f-3957-9f67-8d527b81badf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping others who were confronted with problems is a traditional virtue of China. Our ancestors brought forward a conception of a society that people of multiply custom help each other.
Last winter, when I caught a serious cough, I felt hopeless. Since I hadn't taken enough medicine, I had to rely on my strong immune systerm.One day, my best friends brought some medicine to me, I got rid of coughing soon. It occurred to me that we are not alone, and we should help each other.
Once in a while, I will think, if the world we live in is indifferent, if no one cares whether you are going through a tough time or not, we might be less happier, and might be hopeless for the life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0cccff02-bcc1-3f9c-bd38-98064d8356eb> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day, I rode my bike going to school as usual, but the old bike played a trick on me. My shoe’s tie was stuck in the gear firmly. It was impossible for me to set myself free from the bike only by myself. Soon, I was aware that I would be late, even be stuck on the street site. What a terrible day! Luckily, an old man passed by and I asked help. He set me free and helped me repair my bike. Since I was hurry to school, I only said thanks to him simply, so that I still felt sorry to him.
Today, I want to tell you something through my story. We should always ready to help others. Your simple action may change his world. To give a hand, others’ life may become easier or happier.
If no one wants to help us, we may feel the world is cold and hopeless. In that case, I would be hung on the bike and wait the sun site. How terrible! The blinds would never get through the road and the old lady would never carry the heavy bag to home. Let’s be warm-hearted and helpful and try to make our society more harmony.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 24210b70-ce20-3ad6-9227-ed29d786f2bc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The society consists of many people, and we all live in such a society. Now that we want to live better, it plays a important role that how we can get with on each other. Therefore, helping each other is of importance.
Everyone would be in trouble, and no one can exist by himself. Once I was disappointed in a love affair, my friend come to help me. I think I would not recover so fast without their help.
We should help each other so that the society would be more harmonious. If we don’t help each other, people will be cold. Because people is sternly cool and unmoved, Xiao Yueyue died. Because people is sternly cool and unmoved, they seldom help the old who fall perhaps only because of their careless.
In conclusion, we should help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 60ee9c75-eb7a-38ef-a824-db0449368054> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As is known to us, whoever will be in trouble at times and at some rates. And when you are the one in this condition, you is likely to want smoeone to assist you in generally. So from ourselves in the least, the spirit of helping each other is can't be lacked.
For instance, this is a story about me. Once I just awaited the bus to return home after school. Ten minutes going by, I looked forward to it which were coming after all. Nevertheless, out of my imagine, my money is lost and how can I went back. Luckily, the warm-hearted driver simling allowed me take the free trip. I known it's just spirit of healping others. And there is no word to express my grate to him. Particularly, if he didn't help me, I can't image how I can deal with it.
So it needs folks to think that wheather we didn't have the spirit wht our life will be. Maybe, it can be rare to relieve the olds who are broken down. Then we won't help others to find thier ways. In fact, we are callous and ruthless in this way. And we can't get away with our matters.
Thus, as far as I'm concerned, we should learn to help each other, and we will be more happy and relaxed, and our life will be better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7e03f407-0144-342a-8924-ab39ccc15ae3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everybody would always help each other in daily life.We can feel the happiness during the heiping.It is the helping that make our life colorful and warm.
Of course I have been surrounded by this warm.When I just entered the college,I called on my friend in the other school which is far away from the downtown.On my way back,it was very difficul for me to catch a car to drive me back to school.The road was dark and long.I could only open up my eyesight by the carlight.Tired and hungry,I didn't know how long the dark way rest.Fortunetly,a couple leaded me to the taxi stop after hearing my ask.
I'm really thankful to their help.And I will also help others as possible as I can.We need to care and hlep each other so that we can live like a family in this cold and lonely society.If there is no help and care in the world,people will only struggle in a wicked,offish and strange society,which is full of selfish and utilitarian.So,for our family,give your hand to others from right now.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5de01804-8840-31f7-bbd5-3a05eff861a9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Living in world, we all need others’ help. While talking about this, a lot of scenes are floating back in front of me. I’ll never forget that my parents helped me when I learned to walk, my teachers helped me when I got confused in study, and my friends helped me when I tried to be good at sports.
See？Everyone needs others’ help in the society, and should give others a hand whenever they need. Just imagine a world where people only think about themselves. Even when you are sick, there is no one who would care about you. What’s worth, when you get into a wrong way, nobody will warm you and help you out. How awful we would feel being in there.
Therefore, let’s help each other and make the world better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bd252594-daba-301c-8fc5-e900f130d9cb> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once I am sick, my parents will look after me. Once I have a bad mood, my friends will make me happy. Once I fail, the people around will help me get over the hard time. It is the assistance I have got,which is simple but moving.
People should take care of each other, and help each other. No matter what we can get from others, we only need to do what is useful to those people in trouble. It's impossible that we can help everyone, but we should try whatever we can . Moreover, we can make friends with other people when we help each other. Maybe one day, when we need help seriously, we can ask someone for help.
The world will be miserable when people are indifferent. We can only do with the difficulties by ourselves. Lacking of the care and love, human beings will die out, because nobody can live dependent.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cc515f16-c321-31b0-9995-bf5f4529b1d2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day, when I back to dorm, I found my key was lost and I hurried to hand up a paper. I had no choice but called the roommate to open the door. Though he was class, he came back and opened the door.He save me in time.
People should help each other and care for each other. Everyone have hard time and need other’s help.  Someone give you a hand when you felt helplessness, you will feel warm and thanks to social. A simple action you do in consciously may rescue other's world.
It’s terrible to imaged you live in a cold world. No one care who are you. No one care what you feel and no one understand your sorrow. I don’t think you want a world like this. There is no doubt that we need  connect with others.Help others and make a better world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b483d486-4c48-347a-a9c5-b0b518b2afa3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Help others as much as you can
It's an unforgetable memory of mine.At the age of 8,I was  interested  in football so much that I didn't want to miss any opportunity of watching games.On a sunny Sunday,we family wheeled to watch a game.During the match,I applied myself to yelling and jumping.Nothing can put me off the game untill I couldn't find my parents.Frightened and exhausted,I ended up crying.At the same time,a stranger came up to me and helped me find parents.
In retrospect,I feel so lucky that I came across a kind-hearted man.What's more,I reckon that people are supposed to take care of each other and be ready to help others in trouble.I have the remostest idea about what the society would be like if there were no contract among human beings.Maybe we couldn't finish anything in the least.
By all accounts,the princeple of our social skills should be helping others as much as you can.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 12401e37-6480-3c26-8685-68c69a1c020f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We live in the world,not alone,but gregarious.There is no doubt that we couldn't live without any connect with others.So to have a happy life,we must learn to help others.Because helping others is helping yourself.
I wouldn'd never forget those people who have given me a hand.I can still recall that in a snowy evening,when I was just a Junior High school student,I was riding home while my bicycle broke down.It was dark and cold.I was very worried and afraid.When a middle-aged man passed by,and he helped me call my father.It may be just a slight thing in someone's opinion,but I was so thankful.Sometimes you may think it's tiny ,however,it's great to those people needing it.And they would remember the warms all their lives.
Can you imagine what the society would be like if everyone just think of themselves?It would be cold and ugly.So,don't hesitate to show your caring and friendliness to others.I believe if all of us can offer to lend others a hand, the society will be warmer and the world will be more beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a0e20f1d-04f1-3fa9-9611-d5799e2e4b1c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I am in trouble, at fist, I maybe try to solve the problem by myself; however, if it’s beyond my ability, I will ask somebody for help. In the last year, I come back to Chongqing from Beijing where I studied in the university. It was my fist time to travel so far alone, especially in the Spring Festival.On board a  train,  some boys and girls gave many helps to me which I was grateful forever. They helped me to carry boxes and show me way to the bus station.
I bet that I will remember their sweet smiles and kind hearts in the future. I think Human beings should help each other , even a ordinary hand , a simple word…… No matter who you are, or no matter where you come from, you can blend in us . In fact , I understand those meanings step by step.
I can’t imagine what the world will be  like if we are not liable to care for others. The youth should't give a hand to the old, adults don’t look after children; everyone only think for himself . We may feel cold even in the summer and can’t get happiness .
In a word , a beautiful world is a world that everybody can live together like families and friends.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 85282022-fd71-3962-9b80-7c3ca5dfe59a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In the course of my high school, my grade was not very well but my best friend was really intelligent. At that time, I really very upset.
She knew that and tell me she will help me.Every night she spared her time to tell me the prority of subjects ,fuethermore,she called me get up and we got together resiting English .Gradually, I caught up with
many classmate.
In my opinion, people should help each other.when you doing things with your parter ,you will feel more happy and saftey,have more energy
work and the work become more effcient.We also should care our friends,parents and so on.If we can more care with them, our relationship will more harmony and the generation gap will decrease.
It's hard to say the world would become what if the world doesn't have care and assist.Maybe it will cann't develop quickly or people donn't care about each other,the world would not have warm and love .We are different with animals,we have more emotions and thoughts. So, we should help others at everytime, everywhere.The world will be more harmony and beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID dfa5ae13-7513-3428-9a17-f91cf73f1afd> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In terms of helping each other,vivid memories came flooding back of a day when I was taking a bus to the library.The idea of going to the library suddenly hitted me when I caught sight of the sunny sky.In that,I packed my bag and set forth to the library in a wonderful mood.Good times don't last long,something unexpected emerged.A small peice of stones coming from outside the bus window in a extraordinarily high speed hitted on my nose rightly.Just as I expected,my weak nose bleeded. And what's worse,I had no tissues taken in my pocket.Every coin has two sides,however,a kind person stood near me handed a peice of tissue to me.At that point,I felt so grateful and couldn't express more words than a thank you.I have carved this small thing in my mind since that day.
A small kind action reflects your heart inside.Help should be offered by everyone of us when someone is in need.We may have troubles on occasion and anyone else's help will be the warmest sunshine.I can't imagine what the world would be if there exists no care for each other.In the end,I appeal to all of us lend a helping hand,make a better world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 26e184f8-d217-3074-8063-5914814c2e38> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping others is a wonderful thing.In our life we often help others and also get help from others. Is nice for people who you help and is also nice of you and get help from others can make us feel fine.
I once get help from someone when I had a trip to other places.My money had lost and he bought me ticket to my hotel.I feel very thankful about him and I think people should help each other when they are in trouble.When we get help from others, we can get lots of things .But if we help others ,we can get more.
If we don't help each oter,the world may be more and more bad.Society  will lack of honesty and we can't imagine what will happen next.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2cdb78c3-9b5b-335f-9fb7-5ef9314f1d4e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping others makes you confidence.Heiping others makes you delightful. Helping others make you satisfied. We live in a world with other humans. Helping each other have an important meaning to ours all.
According to my experience,I have no sense of direction.That makes me always lost my ways.And I feel shy asking others for my way.But sometimes someone may find I was worried so they initially come to me and ask if I need some help.
Although it's a little thing. But that makes me understand We people need to care for each other and help each other.
What the socia will be like if don't care for others. Everyone laugh at others, only care for their own things, their will be no honesty,humans hearts are colder than ice. Can you imagine a world like this? I think most of us can't stand it.Our world needs care for each other and help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f109c808-3ef0-34ab-a375-fb2bc2de612a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It's widely recognized that helping others is one of most valuable qualities which shine the beauty of life.
When it comes to warm moments when I received help. I would tell you a real story. When I was 15, I faced the difficulty passing the final exam. I was not much of a hand in PE, especiallly in running. I was worried but have nothing to do with. At the eleventh hour, Daming found I was in trouble and came to my rescue. He promised to do some exercise with me so that I could made enough progress to get a not too bad grade.
Thanks the God, Daming's help and my efforts paid back in the end. I passed.
From my story, It's easy to see what one's help means to others. Maybe the one who offers help doesn't pay much attention. But it's due to make a difference on the one who receives help.
Don't be hesitated, if you can help others, just do it. Keep in mind that your help may make a difference. Suppose everyone can help the people around him, what a harmony country we live in.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 45b21af7-e166-3bc3-9233-924b846263fc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Every one would be faced up with difficulties on occasion.If you are fortune,someone may come and help you come over the difficulty.
A couple of weeks ago,after I played basketball I left my wallet on the basketball court.I fell so sad because I have just got 1000 yuan from the bank,and it would be half a month later that I could get money from the bank again.Fortunately，all of my classmates  came to help me.
Some of them lend me money,and the others found out the wallet.
It occurs to me that people should help each other,and be careful for each other after that thing.No one can have a happy life if he is aparture with others.
If there is no care between people,the world would be in a mass.For example,a people who have a heart-attack on the road could'n get treatment in time.And many badman wouldn't be arrested for people don't care other people's pain.So,as far as I'm concent,people must be warm-hearted and be willing to help other people, and then,the world would be  better and better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1595fcf2-74bd-3bbe-bcdb-9adbad2adc6e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is one of the traditional Chinese virtues,
so we should help others in our daily lives.
when the  topic associate with help, vivid memory
came flooding in my mind. I still remember that when i
was thirteen years old, everyday i rode bike from home
to school. one day however, on the way to school two
teenagers attempt to stop me and rob my bike. And i am
too young to deal with this incident,
i am very nervous at the moment. fortunately, a young
women help me called the police to arrest
the criminals. And i am grateful to the women.
Nowadays, everyone should help and keep warm with each
other which can make us feel happy and glorious. as a student,
i should help my classmates when they are in trouble. in that way,
i can improve our relationship and feel more happy.
If everyone neglect somebody who around him is in trouble, our
relationship will get worse and a lot of problem will come over.
moral regulation will be faded decreasing. If so, humans should be
called stupid animals.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 84ddb0fa-5b9b-3c68-af82-84b99a4072ca> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
"Make agift of rose,hand stay lingering fragrance."There are always many good person around us.And I was so lucky that I had met one of them when I was in trouble.I remembered clearly that it was a sunny day.I was ready to go home by train.Unfortunately,I found I had lost my ticket before I get on train.I could not say anything but to keep in silence.When I was hopeless,one person got my ticket back.I was too excited to do anything.I don’t know how to thank him.At that time,I decided to help others from now on.And after that day,I have helped many person.I’m happiness to see the smile on the person’s face whom I assit.I think society likes a big family,we should help and care about each other.If there is lock of care,we will all feel cold in our heart and upset,which will make our life become terrible.So everybody come to help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ff07d4c6-6dc2-3f59-9b70-62ce4641fa5e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Several month ago, I have heard the news about xiaoyueyue that frightened me a lot .i can clearly remember a girl helped me when I was young and what that thing influence me .i was catching a bus for goings school. And the weather was so bad and there are so much rain and mud on the road. Unluckily, I fell into the ground what made me so confounded. and I even came into tears .at that time a holy girl with a white dress emerged,  gave a paper to me and said be careful .you can imagine so many years i can remember it so clear, what a serious effective she gave me.
According to the xiaoyueyue ,we can see  how we neglect the help in our society. we should assist each others and care about the folk surrounding us.
you can't imgine how our world would be if we lost the worries between us. Think about it, we must do every thing for ourselves, and we never concerned others even we couldn't say hello or how are you. How if the world became it ,what we valued ?the society need ours and we are the members of the world. we can't live alone, so we must live for ours .Help and care about others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6a641551-9b75-386a-bad5-533b3a69571e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last term, I am able to went back home from the BUPT, but I felt worried when I found that I need another bag to pack my things. And on the other hand, I also didn't have enough money to buy one. while I was  full of sadness, my roommate lent his bag to me, besides, he lent some money to me. At thet time, I felt I was the most fortunate man full of happiness, because I have so many generous and kind friends.
But at the same time, I was thinking about the importance of helping  each other. Now I also help my roommates with their study and life. And our dormetory is full of love. Please try to think over, if my roommate didn't help me, and I also didn't help them, what is our dormetory like ? So we should help each other, care each other. I believe that if we can do like that, our society will get more and more  beautiful. As the song sings,"if every people can contribute a bit love and help each other, the world will be the wonderful heavn... "
So please don't hesitate to give a hand to others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d844948a-2aaf-3f59-84c9-84eba8485124> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There are more and more people has lost confidence to the society.
Because there are not so many hot heart people than before. It is so terrible, I can't image what will be happen if we ignore the phenomena.
Everybody helps each other.And been a full of love man.
Although there are many hotheart people. Days ago I was informed my brother had fall in ill. I'm very worried and went to TianJin right now , my brother was read a school in TianJin,And our parients are in my hometown so I think nobody takecare him. But when I get there I find his classmates are took care him very well. And I was movemented,I I really appreciate their help.
I think the hotheart people more than the apathy people, And we shoule help eachother and care for eachother. And our life would be more colourful and warmthful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 54fd5b12-a808-3085-9232-c0a35a706301> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When it comes to helping each other, I'm always occurred to her who I still don't know her name. Eight years ago, when I was only ten, I lost my way in Sichuan where I was traveling with my parents. I was scared to cry, squatting at a corner of the city, due to the strange surroundings without my parents. Suddenly, she appeared to me, just like an angel full of femininity, asking for the reason why I was crying. Then she took me to the police, and finally I found my parents.
From my perspective, influenced by the passerby, helping each other should be taken for grated. Only when all the people in the world are ready to help others and give others concern can the world be full of love and harmony.
If no one help strangers in time, not showing any love to others, everyone in the society will be very individual without any contact with others. What we can image is that the society will be very inanimate and there is no motive force for people to be active for all the things, which will lead to an sequel that the development of the society will be cut down.
In a nutshell, there is no denying that helping each other is very significant for the whole society. Let's help each other and make the world full of love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3a3ad481-f5bb-39ad-965a-12ff41452910> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It's a little thing happened when I was in junior grade 2.I was caught into a serious cold then.And my throat was so hurt that I can't even say a word.On account of that,I lose the opportunity to participate a speech contest representing our school,for which I spend so much time preparing. It was a rainny day,I went to the canteen without a umbrella or a raincoat.It rained in my heart at the same time.
Suddenly,it stopped rainning.I turned arroud in suspence,only to find a big smile,a smile like sunshine.It's a girl I never met before.She said nothing but to smile to me and we share the umbrellar until we got to the destination.
It's such a little thing,but it never fades out in my mind.Can you imagine how disappointed the girl was when she heard the bad news from her teacher?But the strange girl's smile and her umbrellar had a magical power that comfort me a lot.
From then on,I had a deeper understanding about that people should help each other and care about each other.Because you have no idea what influence it will have on others' heart even though it's just a little thing.If no one is willing to give a hand to other people,what a look our world will become?It'll fulfilled with selfishness and coldness.People can only feel lonely.Nobody want to live in such a world!Therefore,next time when you see people in trouble,don't be shy.Just give them a hand,both you and them will gain happiness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 63c84b61-cb23-3b25-8c15-1f0884ea8eb4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It occurs to me warmness and hope when we think about the word: ”help”. Vivid memory comes flooding back to me as I see the ticket in my wallet.
It rained heavily that day. I had waited for a bus so long that I couldn’t move my numb feet. Not until I crammed in the bus did I find I forgot my wallet. However, when I was embarrassed about my fault and fell into blankness in my mind, the bus driver lent me his money and bought a ticket for me.I was shocked because I was used to thinking that they were angry and violent.But the driver helped me without any hesitation or argument.So I treasure this ticket till now in order to remind me to help more people.
This incident hit me deeply.I realized that people are supposed to help each other and care about each other in heart.The world should consist of warmness and happiness because of help.We can’t imagine how cold the society will be without help and kindness.There is no connection anymore between strange people.What's more,we only care about ourselves.It is indeed a big sadness.
The more help,the more happiness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4ecd1a42-cc9c-3080-b784-d59bdbc6d565> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There are so many people in the world, we can not live in the world alone. We need others help us when we are in trouble. It make us easier to solve the problem and make the world wonderful.
Vivid memory comes flooding back to me when I think about the word help. Before long, a little thing make me realized that how important for people to help others and be help. Because of the season change , I got a fever, I’m really sick, my roommates took care of me. Finally, I recovered. I don’t know what would happen if without my roommates.
In my opinion, I think giving is necessary. We can not waiting for receiving others help, helping others is a wonderful thing. When you help other, you will know the meaning of happiness. We can not imagine if the world without love and kindness, we will feel lonely, cold and hopeless.
From now on, let us help each other together.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0cc10776-09bd-3c9b-80d0-ad0df832504f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As the saying to say, we can rely on our family at home, but friends out of home.
I remember clearly an incident which happened to me. It was in winter. After school, it was snowing heavily, my home was far away my school, and I can’t see any bus or car. I didn’t know how to reach my home. At this moment when I stood there, an uncle appeared, He is my classmate’s father. He said he carried me to my home. I was so grateful.
Helping others is a virtue, it makes the one who get helped full of appreciation and gladness. Also it strength the friendship between you and me. Supposing the society we live in lose this virtue, and everyone is distant, I think we everybody isn’t happy and the society will fall apart.
So, devote your love and get much more love, build a wonderful society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c98fcf86-774d-3e0d-b29c-9062eec06083> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is a good manner. In our daily life, we may meet various difficulties, and when we get in trouble, we need other's help. Once after school, it was 9:00.pm and it was quite cold. I was eager to go home. But, how unfortunately, I couldn't find my bicycle's key. I was vexed .My home was far away from my school, and the day was dark, I don't dare to walk home. At this time, one of my classmates told me that he could take me back home on his bicycle. Hearing this, I felt warm and grateful.
In my opinion, we need to care for other people even though we may not familiar with each other. Everyone caught in trouble will feel warm when given a hand. So, we should all try our best to help others. Only in this way, can we build a harmonious society and live a happy life. I really can't imagine without helping, how cold we will feel in our society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f4bcb1ee-6fc4-3c05-8f41-4abdd11fdeb9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We will meet many difficulties in our daily lives. And there are always many people who are willing and pleased to help us. Because of there warm-hearted help, we can finally get over these problems and go on with our happy life.
Once after school, I was just gonging home, a terrible thing happened, it began to rain heavily. Something more terrible than raining was that I didn’t bring an umbrella. I stood in the hallway hopelessly and hoped the rain would stop soon. At this time, a girl with brilliant smile came to me and asked whether I'd like to go with her. Immediately I told her “Of course I do.” At that time my heart was fulfilled with appreciation. And since then we became good friends.
We couldn’t know each other without the heavy rain. And I think in the society we should care each other, help each other. Only in this way can our society become better. If every person in the world only cares about himself and shows no concern about others.  Our society will be distant and we couldn’t feel warm, that would be so terrible.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3d0be537-8a03-33e7-ac2b-e7ad9e5c3932> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Most people meet a lot of difficulties in many occasions. My memorize goes back to one years ago. When I was in the Grade 3 in the senior high school, due to my playing, I didn’t pay attention to my study. Therefore, I worried about it very much. However, a friend of mine helped me for one and a half months all the time. Thanks to her, my grade went up. I’m so happy about it.
From then on, I realize we should help each other sincerely. Also, we can be concerned about the people around us. In my view, I think it’s important for us.
Unless there isn’t care between us, the society will be lacking in love. So let' s help others to make our society more harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2abe07d8-8a69-3e43-9e6c-96585dc10378> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is a glorious virtue in China.I still remember the experience that someone came to my rescue.
Once,I returned to Beijing after the Spring Festival.As far as you konw,I dragged my heavy suitcase slowly and hard on the road.Imagine how difficult it was!The moment I felt exhusted,a passer-by took my suitcase and smileed to me:"Let me give you a hand."At that moment,my heart was filled with appreciation.Later,I thanked him from the bottom of my heart.
In my opinion,helping each other is a deed everyone is supposed to have.As the say goes"Helping others will make you happy."Besides,as for a member of the society,we should take the responsibility to give your hand.
I can't imagine how the society will become if there wasn't care.How horrible it is!Everyone passes puickly and neglects others.They only concentrate on themself.The world exists lacking love.Everything turns out to be freezing and indifference eventually.I hate it!
I long for a more harmonous society with caring.Help others from now!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b998f852-dce1-39cd-86d6-7e44851aaff8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When we live in the word,we all will help others and be helped by others. And it occurred to me,too.
It was in my 7 years old that I went on vacation with my mother. However, there were so many people that I got lost. At this time, I was so afraid because I never went alone and I didn't remember where our hotel was. I was going to cry. Thanks to God, a beautiful lady found me diffirent and came over to me asking what happened. At first, I didn't say anything. But she was so patient and then I told her all the story. To my surprise, she kept me company and waited for my mother together. A few minutes later, my mother came and found me. When she wanted to thank the lady, we just found thet she went away.
After this affair, I know that we should help eache other and take care of everyone.We can't image how cold,selfish and listless the world will be if we are selfish,don't help each other and just pay attention to ourselves.
Therefore,to make our world more beautiful and warmer, we should be warm hearted. Moreover, when we get helped, we should remember. In this way, the world will be full of love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 15b84d6c-757f-3c79-95fa-c10d0d13a5f8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We live in a lovely world. Everyone would get in trouble someday. However, there are many people who are glad to help us to get through it.
I’m not smart. So I’m usually confused with some problems about math. One of my good friends is good at it. She often teach me some keys and ways to solve them. What’s more, when she is sad or tried, I will talk with her to make her delighted.
So many things occur to us. Usually it’s too weak to make it by ourselves. But we are lucky in such a warm world. We should to care about others as well as give love to them. In that way, we can get help, advice and care, too. If everyone gave a cold face to others, the world would make us disappointed and we couldn’t live a comfortable life. Now let’s help each other together.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 598054ac-b540-3031-bcd0-a3853445ac94> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are not live in this world alone and we can’t deal with all the problems by ourselves.
Just before I write this article I had an English exam and unluckily I forgot taking the pencil and the eraser. When I got worried , one of my classmates handed me a pencil. I was very happy. If he didn’t offer me the pencil I should go back to the dorm to buy one. That would take a lot of time. Because of this , I could have failed the exam.
You see, the help from others play a very important role in our daily life. Paying the same effort, the one who receive more help would achieve more. How can we get more help? It’s very simple, just offer more help. Imagine the world in which people help each other and think about the world in which people just think about themselves, you’ll found out how important the help is. Help each other from now on!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fbe6e63b-feae-3ae8-a7fa-c5c27024a956> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Recently it was a Day when people mourned over Ler Feng’s death. Lei Feng is a Chinese soldier who was famous for his kind and warmhearted. On that Day, people will do something to help others. I think it is a good way for Chinese to keep Lei Feng’s spirit.
Once I have to carry many heavy things to home. I complained all the way and I didn’t realize something dropped from my hands. A passerby who had picked the things up came towards to me and asked if I needed some help. Then he helped me carry these things back to my home. I’m moved by his help deeply.
If the society lacks helping each others, it will be cold and people won’t trust each others any more. The Lei Feng’s Day is a good way for people keeping kind and warmhearted. Our society needs warm. Don’t be cold-blooded.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 82431c08-10dd-3831-8508-406e685e207b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone sometimes meet difficulties, and so do I.
When I was a young boy, I loved to walk around and had fun traveling place of interests alone. Once, I got myself lost and found that I was in a completely unfamiliar place. As the sky became daker, I was really embarrassed and exhausted. Just then, a stranger came towards me. I was afraid that because he is so scaring. As he got close, I found my body trembling. Much to my surprise, he was the one who came to my rescue. I was deeply moved as he guided me to the nearest police station and help me out.
Even by now, I have not known his name. But I will always remember the timely help he offered to me. And I  will also hand down his spirit of helping others selflessly. I think all of us should join me and help others who need your help.If our society lacks selfless help, what will our country be like? I think there is no doubt that people will be indifferent to others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2cb37754-19a0-3ae7-9261-cdfa645a6904> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a chirld, once I forgot to take the umbrella with me. After school, it was raining heavily outside. I didn't know how to deal with it, waiting in the classroom. Soon there were few pipuls in the school, but I still was here. I begianed to think that maybe my father would come to pick me up, which calmed me down slightly. However, it was dark and my father hadn't appeared. I even wanted to cry for fear that maybe I can't retrun home. Suddenly someone turn out and give me an umbrella. He was my classmate whose home was not far away the schhol. I was so moved with tear flooded the whole face.
When somebody helps you at the moment that you are in trouble, you will feel so thankful and a strong warmth in your inner heart. If you give others a hand, others may return you more than you give him than. So care and help should be exsited among we each other.
I can't imagine how our society will become if there is no help  and care. Maybe everyone doesn't know the genuine happyness more over and the colorful world fades out.
In a word, if we help each other more, our future will be brighter!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e9b9ebdc-6385-3ca6-abee-a6d28bfb1b1b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
No one denies the fact that one couldn't live happily without other's  help which includes substance and emotion.
The first winter vacation when I was at college, I was supposed to take train to go back home.Unfortunately, I went to a wrong train station. On the way to the right train station, I met a kind man who was very willing to help me carry my luggage to the station.Thanks to his help,I arrived in the station in time otherwise I have to spend my whole vacation in school.
We can't image what our society will be like if everyone only cares about their own benefits.Sometimes a little help means much to the other.Don't hesitate giving others your help because only in this way can a harmonious society be founded and be filled with warmness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8e702977-a23d-3ce0-8d5e-c837552a75a3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a student of senior high school, I was lonely and silent. I don't want to blend in the class, because I think it is useless get on well with other. This pespective resulted that I communicate with others rarely. Because of this circs, my English grade was poor. I do not let my parent down, so I have to improve my English.
I turned to my  my English teacher to seek help.She was my scotch codsin, she persuaded me to change myself. She gave me more chance perform myself,and encourage me to talk to others. At first, I felt hard to open my mouth. She also gave some tapes to listen to English passage. As she communicated with me almost everyday, I became more outgoing, and talkive.
She left our school a year later, but she still connect with me now and then. I think people should help each other no matter how hard it will be. If people do not help each other, relationship between people will become apathy. If we give up trying to help other people, our heart will be hard and bloodless.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c41d6f75-e820-3985-90ba-45feb870a9d4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
This winter when I was on my way to my hometown, I went through the worst time of my life. The bus I should be on would set off on 5:20, however when it came to 4:40 I was still tripped in traffic. Time passed little by little. What was worse, I can't catch a taxi.
Just when I nearly fell deep into dispair, a car stopped by. I regraded it as the last way to get on my way home so I asked the driver to take me in. It was time for him to go home, but after hearing my experience, he told me to get in and I would arrive at the station on time. Things went on as he had said.
I will never forget the day. When I had stood by the road for over one hour feeling the wind so cold, a strange driver warmed my life and drawed me out of dark. Everybody will meet the situtation like this and we'll all wish there would be an angle helped him out. Each of us can be an angle of other people.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 12865d61-a6e8-3968-b97e-a300460e1708> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was in my last year in senior school, something terrible happened to me-I got hurt badly. To win a race, I ran too fast to control myself, and as a result, I fell down on the ground. a terrible pain run through my body, I coundn't even stand. despair and upset, i set on the playground, without moving. suddenly, there came a boy who i didn't know at all. he ask me about my cut carefully and run away in the direction of the hospital. i watched a view of his back, and feel so thankful. then  my classmates came to me, give me some cold water and deal with my cut simplely. about two or three minites pasted, the boy come again. seeing my classmates are here, he give them same medicine and left. before i ask for his name and thank him, he had been out of my view. i set still, moved deeply. now, when i saw someone who need help, i usually help them without hesitate. yes, all of us should help each other as more as we can, and if we do ,the world will become much more beautiful. else, what will the world we live in be?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2a864c68-6ba2-3b34-b9e8-57094877dcda> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In the other day, when we are taking MAOGAI class, I played my mobile phone for a while, and then I put it into table as a nature sequence. After class, I went to canteen straightly with my classmates, but when I remember that I should call my mom for a routine, I found I forgot my phone in the classroom. I rushed back to the class room, and I looked for my phone in everywhere possible. Unfortunately, I didn’t find it, so I just went back to canteen with regret and chagrin. While eating, I gave a call to my phone number by other’s phone. Surprisingly, there is someone picked up my phone, and she had called one of my classmates who she knew and asked him to got it to give it back to me. I can’t subscribe how surprised and thankful I felt then.
In my own experience, I understand “willing to help others is a virtue” deeper. Sometime, your lifting a finger will give others enormous help, and when you are in difficulties someone once you helped will give a hand to you without hesitation. So we should help each other when it’s necessary and in our ability range.
Imaging, if there is no one willing to help others, what would this society be like? An old man fell down, and there is no one to lift him up, so he can just lying down on the dangerous road. A lost baby crying in the street corner, no one want to help him to find his parents or way home, so he can just crying leaving his parenting finding him with anxiety and sadness. Can you stand these things? I can’t, so if you say no, let’s help others as possible as we can.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e630e13f-d0dc-3c77-bd89-1e19a4e9886f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When it comes to the example of helping each other, I cannot but recall the days when I had a fever just at the beginning of this semester. Not accustomed to the new environment, I had a cold, and, as it turned out, I became seriously ill. I felt terribly dizzy those days, lying in the bed with no intention to do anything. Fortunately, it was one of my roommates who was so considerate that he sent me to the hospital and kept me accompanied all the way through the long-time waiting. Later I recovered quickly thanks to his help and I really thanked him for what he had done.
From my personal experience stated above, it goes without saying that everyone should help each other as well as caring for the ones among us. If it hadn't been for the help of my roommate, I wouldn't have became better so quickly. Similarly, the society without people helping each other is just like the night without light. In the absence of care, people may feel depressed and frustrated because the world is so sophisticated while an individual's own strength seems so small. Without care, the poor may be starved to death in the street; the injured may be left untouched; the world may seem to be nothing but ruins.
Therefore, let's constantly give out our care to everyone, helping each other especially when they're in trouble. Only when everyone spreads our own love can the world becomes much more beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 30adcb36-fa85-3eb5-8e68-dc084d6ab1ad> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
To be successful, someone say, needs the following two factors: 1.Depend on yourself 2.Recieve necessary assistance from others. So, it is of very importance that we do what we can to blend in neibourly with our classmates, friends, etc.
Not so long ago, my ankle was injured in a basketball game, and I remember I received many helps from others. But what impressed me most  was one of my roommate borrowed a bycicle, and rode me to class. It can even came back to me that the heavy breath he was taking then. During that period, which my physical condition was not so good, my spiritual condition, on the contrary, improved a lot. Thanks all the friends who  have assisted me, I will cherish those moments in my life.
Indeed, I witnessed the world become brighter as the kindness of human spread over!
Everyone in this world will encounter the situation where one feel helpless, and that's the time that other fellows show up to assist him/her, with some words, "Hey, don't worry about the thing, cause every little thing gonna be alright."

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fb67be95-fd7a-34ed-af4b-25db360680e2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It’s of great of significance to help others in our daily life. When you get into trouble, or being urgent, then there comes out a kind-heart person, lend you a hand, and assist you with getting rid of the difficulties, it occurred to you that life is full of beautiful since then.
Suddenly I reflect on my own experience about being helped. Once I forgot my key of my dormitory. While my roommates were eating, then managed to play outside, I was so sleepy and a little sick that I even can’t walk any more. I went to my dormitory alone, only to find I have no the key to the door. Feeling so desperate, I called one of my roommates. Hardly did I have any hope, I just wanted to let her come back early. To my surprise, she broke enjoy her eating, then ran here to open the door for me unexpectedly, and then hurried to go. I really felt warmly about that.
For my perspective, lack of helping. the society will turn cold. We will hardly live comfortable in the world which is the biggest family. No one can live without any trouble through his life. Facing the trouble, you want to get helping from others to get rid of the hot water, so do I. Although everyone can contribute to others a little, the world will be full of warm and love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 414b955b-8769-32db-b78e-fd1b17119863> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In my life, there are so many people who come and go. But I will always remember those people who have helped me. It's they that let me believe there is love in the world.
So many years have gone, I can't still forget a thing about a boy who helped me. It happened when I was in the junior high school. During a period, there was no sunshine in my life. I had a break with my friend because I made a mistake that hurt her. I don't know how to make up. Besides, my study flow down quickly but I can't put all my time and energy in it. The worst thing is that I lost my dear grandpa without any preparations. It's the first time I was faced with death. Then, I became broken and I can't find any happiness in my life.
Just then, he came and wrote me a letter. He would listen my heart and encourage me. He said he would always be there for me like a brother. " If there is a cycle for life, next cycle I will become a girl to go will you".  Later, I became a sunshine girl again and recover my friendship. I will never forget his help when I was in despair. I know it's a pure friendship I should cherish forever.
Finally, I just want to say, never lose confidence on the world. No matter how long the storm will be, the rainbow is on the way. I can't imagine what the world would be if there was no love. Nobody can survive in such a place. Everyone would like to get help while in trouble. A man who is needed is happy and luck. Only if we ourselves become strong enough can we help more people.
Love is on the way, don't let him stop in your hand.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5b2187bb-2834-33a8-b94b-d93ce5c40463> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As is known to all,it is a virtual tradition to help others .
On the one hand,helping each other can solve the problems that may  be a difficulty for oneself.In this process,many new methods and ideas come out.It can set off a passion for exploration.In due couse ,the problem can be settled.
On the other hand,we can have a sense of satification while doing something for others.Everyone in the society is not isolated.We need to  get along well with others.Helping each other can cause a harmony in the world which is the pursuit of humanbeings.
AS far as I'm concerned,we should offer to help those who need help.At any rate,we woud surely feel it such an honor while doing good to others. Besides, we can establish new friendship or make the old one more close.Friendship is one of the most precious relationship in one's life.Why not to give a hand and share sorrow and joy?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 89c0b420-97d5-392f-b8bc-9cfa1b4661c1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As the saying goes,"One may go faster,but with others you can go further."Since everyone may come across difficulties through life,we cannot live without help.
Once I was not good at math during senior high school.It really made me distracted when facing at algebra.Luckily,my deskmate did well in it.Moreover,he was glad to help me enthusiastically.With his assit and encouragement,I not only became interested in math,but also made great progress.Finally,I did a good job in the exam.Thanks to my classmate's help,or I maybe fail.
It's beyound imagination if the world lacks of help.In my opinion,    there will be obstacles here and there.In this case,why not help each other in order to make life more easier?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1d249687-f7cd-3b4e-98ee-ef255c947079> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in junior high school, I was always worried about my study and achieved bad grades in English exams. However, my friends often assisted me with the interpretation of the problem sets. Lately, my English grade had been improved.
As far as I am concerned, people are supposed to help and care each other. No one can always be lucky enough so that help others sometimes means help yourself. What’s more, it is a good quality to help each other.
If lack of mutual phase care, our society will not be harmonious and one can not blends in others. In addition, when we walk in the street, no one will say ‘Hello’ to us and everyone seems to be unfriendly. The society is likely to be an ice library. From my point of view, everyone should give love so that our society will become better and better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7d5d017a-5c0c-37ad-a786-fab308e0e0ee> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily life, difficulties always come. One cannot overcome all these difficulties all the time.  On that occasion, warm-hearted people come and drag him out of these difficulties.
Several days ago, I have a heavy lumbago due to mountain climbing. During that time, I just want to stay in bed and never move again. Roommates came and ask me if it is better. After that, they bring me back the meals. I can’t appreciate them more.
People need to care about and help each other which are routine in our society. Just doing like that, our society will become more harmony.
In modern society, the phenomenon that lacking of concern is not rare. If it continues, the world will become distant. People only care about themselves so that they become more and more selfish. It is sure that a harmony world will become a unreliable dream.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 923077c9-9710-3063-b4cf-48ef8ab65eb3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once when I was still in the high school, there was an important exam in the morning. However, I got up too late that morning for I prepared for the whole night. In case of not being late for the exam, I decided to take a taxi to school. But it was the rush hour and I was just in vain. In the end, I had no choice but to stop a private car. Fortunately, the driver agreed my request. With the help of the worm-hearted driver, I got to school in time.
Since we are in the same society, we may need other’s help on many occasions. On the other hand, we have many opportunities to help others. And we just need to pay other’s more help and love to make the world more harmonious. At that time, life could be easier for everyone.
On the contrary, if we never show love and care with each other, the world might just like an ice library where everyone feels cool in body and heart. We will only can see the negative part of the society and lifes can't be carried on.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 63c87865-c511-3919-aa88-ca40ab7e6494> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It’s the biggest obstacle I’ve confronted with ever before that I was told to move to another city, along with, changing my school and friends. Tremendous difference between the lifestyle now and before deeply confused me. A sense of estrangement and gap turned me into an introverted and apathy person. It’s Blair that came to my urgent aid. Selflessly, Blair enlightened my void life. She acquainted me with the local customs and toke me to parties. All she did helped me surmount those difficulties. Now, I savor my new life with the most gratitude.
It’s extensively acknowledged that the bond among people, to large extent, consists of love and concern. The lack of interpersonal help, the society will be saturated barely with personal focus on private interest. Detrimental stoniness replaces virtues. Everyone will alienate from the world, stem from their isolating themselves.
There is no denying the fact that helping each other is of significance.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 35807d73-5e80-3b8c-891c-d8909382d6d4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
With the developing of the society, helping each other is more and more important.
Helping each other is of great meaning. We can gain happiness by helping others. What’s more, we can also feel grateful for someone do us a favor. I still remember that the first day I attended university, I carry many bags with me. I was very tired and hoped someone can do me a favor. Fortunately, a cute guy showed up and helps me taking the bags to my dormitory. I am so glad and want to invite him to have a dinner with me. He refused and said it's a pleasure to help me and helping others didn’t need return. I was deeply moved by his words.
It’s widely known to us that helping others is purely a pleasure and needn’t return. As human kind, helping and caring each other is what we are. I can't image what our society would be without helping and helping each other. We are human, we are intelligent, the reason we are different from animal is that we have caring heart, we can think, we can feel, we can sense! Helping each other can help our heart feel pleased.
A small step makes a big difference, helping each other can make our world more harmonious! Let’s help each other everyday!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a6f1eddf-ca93-37e7-9739-775d3e0d3d90> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I always feel warm and delighted when memories flooding back to me, especially about the favor from selfless friends.
Typically, for example, dating back to when we were intensely preparing for the Entrance Examinations of College. Without any indication, I got a stomachache while studying on our own in scheduled time. Moreover, the pain is so acute that I can not even move a pace. Then, my classmates went out school to buy me some medicines. It was late and the outside was filled up with darkness, can you imagine how I was deeply impressed by their kind move? when more than one kind of medicine appeared in front of me, allowing for they do not know the reason of my stomachache.
Under no conditions people should ignore the others when they need help, even they may not turn to you. Otherwise we might live in constant dread. Do them a favor whether he is your friend or a stranger. It is sincere help that make our world a harmonious paradise.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4e6bb9a7-2e31-3604-b233-9abe17be8a45> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day,I keep my cousin company to go to her brother's shcool.Tt was raining and windy ,we were delayed by the bad weather.So we missed the last bus to our home.And it was going to dark,we are so afraid that we didn't know what should we
do.We just standed on the road and waited someone helpful would give us a ride.After a long time,we saw a car coming.We were
so exciting,but we were fearful too.We didn't know if he would like to pick us up,and if he was a good man.At last,i stopped
the car to ask him if he was willing to give us a ride.To be honest,i can heard my heart was beating faster when i saw the man.Fortunately, the man said yes.He open the door of the car,and asked where were our home.He send us home,and refused when
i wanted to give him some money.I was so grateful to him.As we see,there are still so many people who are so helpful.
We can't live alone in the society.We need others's help and others need our help, so we should help each other.Sometimes
your little help can affect others deeply.Can you image what would our sociaty like if there is no help?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 56783012-3706-3c25-9691-d6831d22b0d4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone can not live alone and without the help of someone else.The same to me.
It was a Friday afternoon a few years ago.There was no doubt that I was eager to go home and relax after studying five days.I was too happy to take care of the big stone which was on the ground.I fell over myself and my knee was hardly hurt.I even can not stand up.At this time,a stranger who was passed by helped me stand on my feet and sent me to my house.I was appreciated to all he did.But he left so quickly that I did not say thanks to him.
All over the world will be distant and the community will become inharmonic if we don’t love each other.There is no denying that we should help and concern with each other.Only by this way can make this world more beauriful and peaceful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5569ec70-b55d-362f-8203-73f0b853c862> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
By all accounts,everyone will occassionly meet with some difficulties.One may not have the ability to come over with it alone.If someday can give him a hand at that time,there will be no doubt that the one in need will appreciate it a lot and they will develop a good friendship.
When I was in high school,I didn't deal with my works very well at first.Somtimes i may get stucked in a problem for a long time but still can't work it out!You can never imagine how dissappointed I was then.But my deskmate would always show up and patiently explain it to me whenever i was in trouble.We particuly developed a nice friendship and with his help I caught up with the other students finally. After that,we always studied together and talked about learning all day long.Luckily,we both got admitted to an ideal university.
As far as I see,people should help each other in their daily life.It's not only nice for the one who get help,but also beneficial for the one doing the good deed.Because his character get sublimated and he does get a lot happiness from it.If help disappeared,the world would soon be filled with fear and indifference.I can't imagine hou human beings can survive in such a dark world!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID acea0c2d-c64a-3b7f-9c11-d0509dd868ca> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It really makes you feel warm that others give you a favor when you are in trouble. So I am.
Beijing is a hustle and bustle city and it's easy to get lost here,either. The first experience to arrive at Beijing University of Post and Telecommunication is really a tough story.When getting off the bus as the guidence goes,I couln't find the university.It makes me anxious with so much luggage.When a university student comes, and offerred me the timely help. Ultimately I registered on time.
We are living in the society, so it's necessary for us to help each other and care for others. One single person can't live without society. Supposing that everyone mind his own business and neglect others' need and behavior,the society will be full of inhospitality and the development of the society will surely be a halt.Of course,the sense of happiness can't exist among everyone.Thus it's our duty to care for others and so will you live a happy life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cef4c19a-4a05-3b09-8691-b50ad5ee7dbe> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily life, everyone has the experience of helping and being helped by others. I will always remember the time when I was ill in the midnight. I have a fever and I felt cold though it was summer. I felt very uncomfortable. My roommates sent me to the hospital and paid the expense with his own money. Even thought he was tired, he didn’t go to sleep, he accompanied me all the way. I was moved to tears.
Every one of us will get into trouble, we will need others’ help. And when we have the ability to help others, we should give others a hand. Only in this way can we build a world where is full of love and flowers.
It is horrible if we don’t care for others’ suffering. If we don’t help others, then nobody will come to help us. It is beyond our imagination if we see a person is going to die and we don’t come to rescue. If you are in trouble and nobody helps you even they can. I think you will feel despaired. So give others a hand and you are helping yourself in the same time.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 56e4d2fe-0503-333f-88c2-d2605e87487d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In civilized society, helping others is a necessary character, then, others will help you. For instant, when I carry a box of book to my high school, I suddenly lose control and the books are everywhere. But I am lucky. A young girl helps me pick up books.  I say thanks to her, she told me a telling saying, which is helping others is helping yourself.    From then on, I hold to that we should help and care each other, whether he is you relative or not. If there not exist help and care in the world, what would happen in society? First, every people will become indifferent, they become selfish and greedy. Second, there will be more kill and rob, leading to country’s unsteady status. Law will be unuseful. Third, family become less and less. To sum up, if there is no help, the world will be in a mess. So in order to keep the peace of the world , help is a necessary behavior.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID af556bdb-a23c-305b-b350-f8abdf282b1f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping others is an important and necessary thing that we have to do.When I go out to a strange place with my friends or myself,I usually meet the problem that I lose my way.The only thing I can do is ask the strangers for help.In many cases,they will tell me the right direction,and even sometimes they will take me to the place I am looking for.I am very grateful to anyone who help me.
As a person in our society,it's very necessay for us to help each other.Helping other will make you feel happy ang prade,and the people you hlep will solve their problems quickly.Meanwhile,when you are in trouble,you also need other's help,so that you can make the trouble easily to be overcome.
However,if we are so offish that don't care others in the least,our world will be like scattered sands,no coopration,no development.Human will encounter more and more troubles,and each person must to face them lonely.So our civilization and science will stop developing.So if we neglect the importance of hlep,human must face desasters.I don't exaggerate,it will became human's tragedy.Helping others is very critical and very elementary for ourselves.
Please remembre,for human,what's the most important skill we should hold is helping each other.In this way,our world will become nice and harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 32a369de-3e8e-31d2-b8a7-7ebcbdeb6312> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Life is full of challenge and difficult. Every one will meet difficulties. The help of others is a kind of treasure.
When I was a child once I was traveling in HANGZHOU which is a beautiful city with my parents.I was so naughty that I was lost! I couldn’t find my parents .I just was crying there .At this time a sister who was kind and beautiful came to me and said Don’t be worried ,they will come back soon.” After this she put up my hand and waited my parents with me .About 10 minutes my parents came back hurriedly and they got me. We thanked the sister but she had gone.
If every one is happy to render help to others ,the worrying faces will not be seen .If every one is happy to render help to others , the world will be better .So join us ,be ready to help others to make the world not only full of challenge and difficult but also love!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cbc02372-fd05-39c8-b3f8-beff0aa8f66c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a rainy afternoon, the bell rang. It’s time to go home. Standing at the school gate with no umbrella, I was a bit of disappointed and worried, seeing others being taken home by their parents happily. My parents were too busy working to take me home. There was no choice but to run quickly in the rain. So I did. Soon, however, my sky became not raining anymore. I raised my head, a sunny smile warmed me! And a beautiful umbrella kept all the rain away! Beside me standing a smart girl .We talked and laughed all the way. There is no doubt we become good friends later.
Just as she said, people should help each other without hesitation. Only when we care each other, help each other ,could this world be more lovely and brighter ,people living together on the earth would feel more warm.
Imagining a world in which people there are little-cared, what a cold world! Someone is hurt, but nobody is going to help him, and in fact there are many people. What’s the consequence? Maybe the poor man died of no rescue!
Who would like to live in such a cold world? Nobody I bet. So next time when you meet someone in need, don’t hesitate to give your hands, making the world more beautiful!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 53cf89b2-ca22-3a99-9dc1-d5a673417edb> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There is a story I would never forget.
It is a rainy day. I would go out with my friends. But the weather suddenly gone bad and I forgot to brought my umbrella. I was very anxious because it was time to met my friends at the place we had promised before.
A girl whom I had never seem before came here and asked, where are you going? If you don’t care, we can go together in my umbrella. At that time, I feel my world were shinning and the big rain suddenly disappeared.
She is a kind girl and I think we should learn from her to became a person who has a hot heart. We should think more of each others and try our best to help others. Our world should full of love. Our world should full of sun shine.
If a community lack the attentions of each others. How can the community would be? It’s will be terrible. We would feel lonely and helpless. We can’t live with happiness. Our world would be narrowed.  So I admire the girl who have help me. If we all can learn from her, our world would be more beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5ad8b976-20e7-3a10-b2bd-99d7a4b2a43e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There is a saying: A friend in need is a friend indeed. When we get into trouble, if a person can come to help us, we will feel as if everything will be OK soon. Because of the simple courage, we have more confidence to over come all the difficulties.
In my memory, it was a gloomy morning. Just like the weather, my mood was so terrible that I suddenly feel sick. I didn’t know the reason but endure the pain myself. My desk mate found I was unusual and asked me what was the matter, but I was too weak to answer her questions. I put my head in my arms. Meanwhile, I felt like I was supported by somebody with hands. It was a warm action. I was sent to the clinic soon. From the beginning to the end, I was accompanied by my desk mate. She poured the hot water for me, get the pills which the doctor suggested for me and later sent me home. It was such a terrible day, but my heart felt warm and inspired. It was a good example about me that my desk mate does be concerned about me. And it’s really important for our getting along with each other and for our long live friendship.
For the whole society, if we don’t care about others’ feelings, never help others, even when we see somebody suffering pains but ignore it, then we won’t get any response. When we are in trouble, there will be nobody helping us. So, a harmonious society need more warm actions: just support an old man to cross the road or give our seat to the old, help the little ones to get the things that they are nor able to reach. If we help others, we will feel really happy and substantial that we will help more people as we can. This is a good circulation, and if we insist on it, the whole society will be better and better. For the whole society, for ourselves, let’s help and think more of others, after a little pay out, we will receive more and more response!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 221ec73b-bf96-34a4-a1a4-96ff993636cc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our life, helping each other is of significance for people’s communication. When I had no power to solve some difficulties in my study, my friends tried their best to help me to solve them. Meanwhile, they told me how to understand it and how solve it. This thing is not only helping me solve difficulties, but also developing our friendship.
It is very important for people to people to help and understand each other. And it’s also an effective way to solve communication problems.
Assuming that this world haven’t concerns, the world seem to be coldhearted. So we should help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f0b8e246-dcfb-30d2-8a35-dec0dfe93cad> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day, when I was walking in the street, I felt hungry and so I went to a restaurant to eat. After a while, I finished my meal and wanted to pay for it. But suddenly I realized I hadn’t had money with me. I felt nervous, how should I do. So I went to a girl for help, she said she will borrow me some money to pay the bill. I am very happy and appreciate her very much.
In my opinion,when meeting others are faced with difficulties, we should try our best to help them,and we also should care about other people as much as we can. Only in this way the world we live in will be better.
If others are in trapped, we ignore it. Some day we also meet difficulties, and no one will come to our rescue. And so the world will become cooler and cooler. we can’t feel love and friendship in it. I think that isn’t what we want.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8a4ed64f-db1a-335c-9828-42bea606b83b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Hello, everyone. It’s nice to speak about helping others here. Helping others is a wonderful thing. Everyone would ever help others, and everyone would ever receive others’ help.
Like me. Once it was a sunny day, while I was having a lunch, I received a bad news. My father gave me a call, and told me that my grandfather had been taken to the hospital. What was bad that the doctor told us he was critically ill. Hearing of that, I decided to go home as soon as possible. Ma friends knew these things and they helped me book ticket. And they also accompany me to the airport station. On the way, they talked with me about some funny things. So thanks to their help, I can come over this difficult.
Helping others is a good thing to make the world harmonious. When you help your classmates, you can get along well with them, your friendship can develop quickly. If you give a hand to the old, you will feel very happy.
But if there were no help in our life, what would the world become. The people would become more and more apathy. The relationship would be more freeze. It were a ice-cold world and we would live without happy.
Helping each others is very important. From now on, let us help others together!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 41832b80-02aa-31f5-b69a-8770e6563bad> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The world is make up of people,in fact,everyone is living under the help of others.If someone don't think so,maybe only because you never care.A very simple example:does the food you eat is produced by yourself?--Of course no."I buy them",you may say.Right,but then,by this way,you help the people who produce food on money.On the other hand,the producer help you on food.Isn't it?So wocan say:"The world is built by helping each other in some degree."
In retrospect,I still remember one thing about helping others which Iam proud of until now.One raining day,I was on my way home after school under my umbrella,then I say a very old lady waking lonely in front of me without any rain gear.At that time,her thin cloth is like washing without a minute.And her weedy body was moving hardly.I felt very sorry and run toward her.When I said face to face to her"grandma,we can use my umbrella together",she said"Thank you very much".I saw her face covered by furrow came up a very beautiful smile.
After she went home ,I went home happily with jump.
After that,I think it's a very happy and proud thing to help others.Also,we can get ohers' help,when we also very happy and moved.
The world is filled with help,we should find help and learn to help and  and develop the spitit of helping each other to build de a more beautiful word together.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d1aca2e8-6ebd-3d3d-ac37-d846a0d2b6ec> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our life we often help others and also get help from others, in my opinion, not only does helping good for our students, it is also good for the whole society.
Last Sunday, my bag was "fly without wings",but with those stranges' help, I easily found it.
We can easily see that nobody can survive or live a better life without having other people’s help in this world. Also, helping each other can help the progress of the environment we are together living in. Human labor is a obvious example.
When we help our friends to solve their problem, we can develop our friendship. If we give a hand to old people, we can understand the meaning of pleasure. As we know, patient in our life. I think we can get much when we help the people around us.
As the saying goes, Giving is much better than receiving. Last but not the least, helping each other does good for not only the one we help but also those who give their hands to others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 968bdf45-1020-3ece-9f69-d51070d6d283> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I first to Beijing, I lost my way unfortunately. I have no choice but to ask someone for help.So, I asked for a girl passing by. She told me how to get their in details, and I went on the way she told me. Finally, I found the school I was looking for.
We people should help each other, and pay more attention to those who need help. Then, we will have less trouble.
However, if we don’t care others, our society won’t be a place people can live in. We will have more fraud, distrust, mistakes etc. Then, we may fell tired of living only by ourselves. The world will be in dark.
So, it’s really necessary to care more about each other, only for a beautiful world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 83c18362-fc51-31e6-8aba-fed3fb6c7884> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I can’t forget the day, a nodding acquaintance help me when I get hurt on the court. During that thing, I realize too much.
The day, I was playing basketball. Then I was run down on the ground, my feet strained. A boy helped me to rise on my feet, and took me to infirmary. We only knew each other not much time, but he helped me heart and soul. What he had done touch my heart.
With the development of the society, more and more people become utilitarian and scared. Many people think help other can bring about some troubles, like ransom or oppugn.
But in my opinion, we should help each other. Not only it is easy and simple, but also it is our traditional virtue. Everyone should come into and develop the virtue. To make our country more harmony, let’s help the one who need help heart and soul.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 221f94d0-1a27-3b81-84b0-571a05bb777e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There was an unforgettable thing that made a great impression on me and I will remember it all my life. It was a nice day until the night came. On the night, my roommate and I got to the playground to work out. However, because it was a long time between the last exercise I had taken and the night, I soon gave out and the bad feeling which I had never had came to me. Fortunately, my roommate was there beside me encouraging me to hold on. With the help of him, I revived my sprit and got back to the dormitory safely.
In my opinion, only by helping each other and care for each other can our society become a harmony and warm society.
However, in out daily life, some people seems to care only what they want to do and don’t care the feelings of others. If everyone like this, our society would change into a cold and rude one and people would no longer have the feeling of happiness.
So, in our daily life, care a little more about others and there will be more warm and happiness around us.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d71243f8-663d-384d-91ba-e16f1ec19cb6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
With development of the economy of China, there’s a trend that more and more people become utilitarian and selfish, only focusing the money or benefits, which will do harm to the harmony of the society. It’s disturbing to think that the trend continues like this.
As one of the post-90s, we’re always regarded as the generation that lacks responsibility and enthusiasm. But is it true? I do against it. For instance, at the beginning of the life on campus, it was so hard for me to adapt to the transition from the high school to the university. What I was doing was idling about and playing computer games because I couldn’t find my way. One of my roommates sensed something wrong, and he smiled to me and came to my rescue. “To make everyday count is your whole life. Life in the university is a combination of studying, making new friends and cultivating abilities. Wasting time is the last thing you should do.” His remarks gave me a deep impression and then we became good friends. In retrospect, I couldn’t imagine what’s my life would be without his help.
We have to admit that the soaring development of the economy will bring with some side-effects, but we can relieve it and even gradually solve it. It’s high time we work together to make a change! Give the others your hand without hesitation when necessary!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 98e0b2bd-fab5-35cb-bcb3-165a5c8247b0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
During several years, I managed to be admitted to the university where I ever dreamed of going .The most unforgettable memory is the time during which I ever studied hard and overcame lots of problems with the help of my best friend, not the time when I received the news that I’d been admitted to the key university.
I used to be crazy about computer games, as the result of it, my grades became worse and worse, the day of the college entrance exam was approaching, but I still let me be. My best friends Zhang found my problems, and then he invited me to dinner , he talked with me for several hours. He asked many question, “Why did you go here? What do you want to do in the future? ”, then I considered lots of things during the night, I decided to change myself. During several months’ study, I finally succeeded.
This is my truly best friend , a friend in need is a friend indeed. When others surrounding us meet problems, we should help them as possible as we can, only in this doing, our society could become better and better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c6332b05-a801-3bf5-81ae-d8e317b52101> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day, I was riding on my way to home. There was a big chaos across in front me. Many stores besides the street,  and many trucks running on the road. This street is which I walk everyday. But today, it seems that this street brought bad luck to me .because my bicycles’ tire was wrong. And I have to push my bike across this noisy street.
Suddenly, an old man shouted to me:”boy! Can I help you?” .I had no idea about this condition, and stood there with no words. ”hi! Why are you looking that awkward! I just want to help you with your wrong tire! Come on!” the old man said. After a little while, my tire was repaired .and old man didn’t take my money stern. I thanked him very much .and went home with my heart warmed.
That evening, I lied on the grass in the garden, looking to the stars pouring in the sky. I thought everyone have a kind heart. We should help everyone who needed if we can. if we can cultivate our heart with love ,the world in our eyes would more beautiful. Contrary, if we all become selfishness. What the world would be? The  rubbish would throw all around our house . we should carefully about men around us ,because maybe they are planning to rob us. people’s life will short and we have no happiness  in our life. So ,what should we do?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 574edb13-5749-324b-860d-69e5057558f0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a high student, I met a unforgettable things.
That day was sunny and I had a test. When I was in my desk, I found I forgot to bring my pen with me. I was very worried. If I without a pen, I won’t finish this test. I want to buy a new one, but there were no time for me to run to the store. Suddenly my classmate who sat front of me gave a pen. I was very thinks for his help. I finished the test with his pen in the end.
I think people should help each other in any time. Only to do this, the world would become more beautiful and the life would become more colorful. If people not to help each other, the world would become crazy and on future. Human being would die out in the near future!
Helping each other make the life more meanful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cdef6813-54c0-3ab9-93bc-1e40aec90dc2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily life, we come across a lot of difficulties ,and we can’t deal with those problems by ourselves.  So we need help ,at the same time others may need it too.In all, we have to create the good condition that people helping each other.
Yeas, I’ll be the same .Because of my poor comprehension of physics ,I can’t understand some theorems clearly . So I ask for help from other students ,and at the end I get it .Of course  those are my happiest times.
In my opinion,there is no one who does not need help. So I suggest we should doing our best to help people around us .Like helping disabled or old people who can’t control   themselves .
Imagine living in the world people not care a hoot , and there is not love and care .I think it is a nightmare ,isn’t it ?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b487726f-00a9-3bef-a746-2900aaacc461> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
During our daily life, we often meet many kinds of problems. And sometimes we couldn’t settle the problem just by ourselves. In that case, other’s help would always give us convenient.
When I was a senior high school student, I always forgot to do something. One day, the weather is cloudy in the morning and it seems that it will rain quickly. My mother reminds me to take the umbrella but I forgot it at last. After school, it was heavily rain. And then I know my desk mate has taken two umbrellas. Because she thought I would forgot it. I was so moved for her help.
In our society, we should help and care for each other. No matter the man we know or not. If the society we live in is lack of love. All of us in the society wouldn’t be happiness.
Anyway, we should always help each other during our daily life to make the society more harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f08f5448-755e-3504-9bfd-ef77e6348dfe> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
“Please! I’m a new one here, I want to get line 2, but there is only line 5, how can I get to line 2? I must arrive at that destination before 12:00! ”
“Don’t worry girl, I’ll take you to line 5. Follow me!” Then, a kind-hearted man help me get to line 5, and I arrived my destination on time .
If there was no people help me that day, things couldn’t go easily. I couldn’t thank that person more!
Whenever and wherever help people can not only bring some thanks, but also can bring happy. So we should help each other if we can. If everyone can hand out a hand, the whole world will full with love.
But, on the other hand, if everyone lack of love, kind-hearted, if we always take ourselves first, our world will be taken by ugly. And today’s peaceful life will never touch us.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3145c199-b3d4-3e2b-ae07-63200feba1dc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Whoever you are or whatever you are doing,there are many problems
and difficulties would confuse you.In some case ,you can't deal without
other's help,so am i.
When i went to university,i were so strange with all what i were touching.I did't konw where was my room,what shoud do before starting lessons.Luckily,a strange brother helped me.He told me what should do ,and he showed me the new school and how to live in a university,patiently.
In my opinion, society is consist of humans,if we want to live ,we can't lose touch with others.all of us would stuck into troubles or meet some things that maked us felling upseted ,so we need help.It is not just meaning someone can assist us control situation,but also can content
and care about us ,especially,the fullment of spirit is more important.
we can't image what would be like if this society lacking of love and help,maybe we would be more selfish;maybe we won't believe others any more;maybe this world will be dark.
To be honest,the more you give,the more you get.Let's help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e6a0a393-dbbe-3f0b-9252-1f06eea40ce6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone will need help on occasion, our parents and teachers also tell us to give others hands whenever they need help, our society appeal to help each other, too.
When I was young, once I rode my small bike on the way to the school. At that time, I had just picked up riding for only a few weeks and I was not very good at it .When I passed a mid-aged man, I suddenly lost my balance, so that I fell down badly and hurt my ankle .It quickly bleeder and I didn't know what to do .A small sister came here ,used her scarf to blind up the blood .Then she sent me to the hospital .As she had finished settling all these things ,she disappeared .I even don't know who she is today.
What I want to say is that we should help each other and care about each other .We live together on this beautiful earth, we have a same name that is people. So, no matter the color or the race, the religion or the country, we should do it. If we all care less about others, we will not have a harmony society, and our life will be even tough. So, help others, help yourself.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID eb5e343f-0e7b-32d8-89f1-cc0d9dc6086d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The world should be full with love. No matter who you are, if you get into trouble, please believe that someone will give your a hand.
The real story has happened to me. It’s a raining day. All the students left our school, except Jim and I. I should have taken my umbrella, but I forgot it when I went out of the door. Looking at the cloudburst, I really got into hopelessness and sadness. Suddenly I saw Jim going out of the school building, and coming to me. Jim is a top student in our class, and he often asks our teacher for some questions. So, when I saw him, I felt really happy.
“What’s up?” he asked.
“Well, I forgot to take my umbrella.”
“Don’t worry. Here you are. Take my umbrella so that you can go back home quickly.”
“But you …” I am irresolute.
“Nothing serious.” Then he ran into the heavy rain without hesitation,
So, I came back home with the appreciation to Jim.
Sometimes, I think about the help constantly. We live in a big world, and we should make it a better place. Thus, we should use our love to flood the world. When someone gets into trouble, we should help them out of the trouble.We should help each other.
The world is wonderful, because we try our best to love each other, so that we can have a beautiful life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8bee01c2-91f6-31fb-a448-a5b24427610a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our life, difficulties vary from person to person. As for me, I have met a large quantities of difficulties. Among the various experience, a visit to Shenyang gave me the greatest impression.
When I was in the middle school, I went to Shenyang to take part in a competition with only one of my friend. As a young boy, staying at a strange city is a great challenge. It is out of question that we get lost. Nevertheless, we met a kind-hearted young lady, leading us to our examination room. Thanks to the kind-hearted person, everything goes fun.
As the saying goes, a friend in need is a friend indeed. At present, I stay in Beijing for university. Almost everyday, a great number of people of other places swarm into the capital. In this situation, it behooves us to try our best to help them.
To sum up, we are supposed to help each other. Only in this way can we have a harmonious atmosphere.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 727ff870-42a4-3fbb-8f86-5e74148e10b9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As a good man,if you ask me:" How you can do it?",I will give you a sweet smile,and tell you:"The secert of a good man is very simple,but it is also diffcult.it's helping others."
when I was young,in fact I was not a good boy.How to be a good boy,how to be a good man,these questions troubled me, and it made me can't sleepespecially in hot and dry nights,untill someday one came to my eyes.A man,who taught me a lot of things. He is a so good guy that whoever knows him get help from him. So,almost everyone like him.
And so do I.Many times when I got injured he would tske care of me.I was so appreciated to him.And from then on,I started learning from him.
Helping others makes others happy,and it makes me happy too.You know.
Helping is a good word,it provides us hot,and warm.So,in other to be a good man,let's help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ae017d8b-8f25-371d-93e2-f8bb8563af93> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
If the world is imagined to be a forest helping， each other would be sunlight flashing all the trees and flowers.
One year ago，when I ride bike going home  from my grandpa, I was knocked by a car. At that moment，I was injured seriously and my knee was blooding contiously.  What is worse, the driver of the car escaped and I was not able to be help. When I was despaired , some primary students ran for me .they help me stand up and ask me what happened and what is matter with me . I say something wrong with me and t could not walk. They told me there was a hospital near by , and then they sent me to the hospital . At that moment, I felt the beauty of the world and the people.
It occurred to me that helping each other is so important , I hold the belief that if each people is willing to help each other,  the world would be more beautiful. Everyone would living a happy life .people would be in harmony in the nature.
With the development quickly of the society, the standward of living promote a lot . So helping each other is becoming more important.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1261d53e-75ba-3a96-8955-eb48984c88d1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Sometimes, I think if there is no care and love between each other, what our life wills become. Thanks to the love, we are full of happiness and the society is harmonious.
In my memory, when I was young it often rain in my hometown. One day, after I went to school, it rained heavily. After school, I could not go home because of the deep water out of the school gate. So I was very worried and cried. Suddenly a stranger walked to me, he had no hesitate to hold me through the water. I was very appreciating to him for a long time even though I didn’t know him.
In my opinion, we should help others when they are in need. No one could meet no difficult in his life. Today I help you, maybe tomorrow I need your help. We build up relationship through helping and we become closer. I believe the whole world can become a family at last. So let we try.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1569aac5-fda6-357d-b759-cba3714d1ac2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
People live in this world need help on occasion. Should we help them?  Of course. It is said that “It is great to help people who need help.” If you do, you are a great person like Leifeng.
Help other people is a happy thing. On the one hand, Donation is nobler than obtainer. On the other hand, it is our great honor to help who is in need, isn’t it?
In fact, if you help someone, he will repay your kindness with kindness, even though you don’t know him. In other words, when you are in danger, or in need, he will help you in the same way.
So, I think it is important to help each other. Then you will get an honor , a friendship and other people’s  thankfulness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 71c92546-b970-32b8-a70b-27c3ce74ecbf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our social society, many people need others’help. If we give them a hand, all of us would be better.
One day, I lost my traffic card on underground, but I realized until the train was gone. Trouble has come. As we all know, if we don’t have the card, we make it so hard to leave the subway station. Suddenly, a girl showed up, with a sweet smile, and maybe I couldn’t forget the smile evermore. She gave me a traffic card, one I lost just now, with no saying. I’m so moved, sniffling and be unable to speak. She nodded, but still dumb. But her silhouette would be forgotten in my mind.
There are so many events like this by our side. Our country always propose to establish a harmony society. Life should be like this, people should care and help each other, and everyone has social morality. If we do so, life may be better.
I can’t imagine a scene that each one looks on coldly to others, and laughs at or disinterests to others. Nothing would be more terrible than this.
Helping each other, please do it right now.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9e882f72-e3f0-37ff-9b09-250c63a8aad7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Social is made up with all kinds of people.We meet and communicate with others who maybe are strangers or familiar person everyday.And polite words and friendly behaviours made the social harmonious.
A common thing impressed me deeply and made me feel the warm of the  Big Family.once time when i together with my friends went on a trip,one of my accompaniers was lost in the mountain.we called her only to be told her phone has been powered off.wo were all in worried.then we told the guider and hope she could help me .to our surprise,she brought us search the whole mountain after she arranged for other visitors.finally we found her in a forest where she took photos didn't realize that she was lost.at th moment,we all so excited.  i can not depress my gratefulness by words ,just say thanks again and again.we live in one world,and we should treat others as our families.
i can't believe if ther are no concern between people,what wiil the social be like.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 490a893a-1a6c-376d-99e6-9998b2d39436> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We live together in the same world, what we need most is love and friendship. It is always occurred to me that when I was in trouble, someone helped me in time.
When I went to the university the first day, my parents and I were not familiar with the new city. In the afternoon, we found a small restaurant to have lunch, the waiter in the restaurant is very friendly and kind. He showed us the neighborhood around the university and told us how we can go back to the campus directly. We felt that the people here were very warm-hearted and the new city made a good impression on us. What’s more, I had more confidence on living a good life here.
Every time I thought about this, I felt my heart was very warm, we should help each other, especially when others need help, No matter how little you have done, it may make a difference to others. So, don’t be shy to help others, and don’t keep your heart close to others.
If the world is poor in love and friendship, I can’t imagine what it will be like. Maybe the green grass and the beautiful flowers will be withered as a result of it.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7e32f075-4545-3233-97bd-c70516430994> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
A simple action may be a great move. Helping others is not only virtue but also satisfaction. Also, you would feel the love of human beings if you get a favor.
I still remember the kind behavior in junior3. We were all preparing the final examination. Unfortunately, I caught a bad cold and could not go to school for a week. When I came back to the class, I found that I could not understand what teachers said at all. I got depressed. What’s more, I slept in class and did not do my homework. One day, my friend came to me. She talked to me and gave her note to me. After school, she accomplished me to do homework. Then I got a good grade.
I really appreciate her. Every one may meet some troubles. If you do them a favor, they will get better. We are in the same world. We should help each other not for return. The world of no help is cold and detached.
Don’t hesitate. Give your hand. The world will be full of love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID aa6ce3f4-d038-3037-a7e4-0cb9198db99c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When getting into troubles that couldn't been settled easily,you probably expect that someone could come to your aid.That's to say,help does matter in our life. I think my last ride in a train can be a good example.
It's the train that I took to take me home after a long semester.Though I couldn't get a seat,I was happy,too.It was at night ahe journey would last 8 hours.At first all things went good.I could enjoy music and talk with strangers happily and even watch short vedios on my cellphone.As time went by,all things changed.My cellphone was power off and people around me come to fall asleep.It was so tedious.In addition,I did not get a seat and thus I was exhausted.Fortunately,a woman let me share her seat with her after realizing my suitation.I was touched deeply.
As far as I am concerned,help reveals love to a certain extent.love is to us what water is to fish.So we should be ready to help people  who are in need.A world without love must be unfriendly and indifferent.Let's do our duties to keep the world warm.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a35c41a1-a1be-3216-bf61-9f50e9891a3f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are living in a society where people help each other in many ways. No only does helping good for people, it is also good for our society. So helping each other is wonderful.
Helping others is helping us. Everyone needs help and everyone can help others. Helping others brings good feelings both to the giver and the receiver.
I once encountered by others who had helped matters. It was a day when I was ten, I was in class duty but my family had a big ball so that I have to go home early. Knowing my problem, my classmate helped me to clean the classroom. I was very gleeful.And from then on, I always help people who need help.
In fact, it is helping each other is not difficult for us. If you help each other, you may know the meaning of happiness. Helping others is very important and happy. And above all, helping each other makes the world wonderful.
When we help others, others will be in the hearts of warmth, and others to help us, our hearts will also comfort.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fa89c1a5-dd97-34ec-8da1-3d66acc37984> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everybody in the world doesn’t stand alone.We human being are family,and when one of us has trouble,the other people should help he or she to solve it.After all,this is a harmonious world,isn’t it?
When I was a child I often went swimming on the summer vacation.And once I was clonic.Oweingto a stranger that I was saved.I was so appreciate that I decided to help people if only I can.
I still remember the song which said:If everyone gave help to other people ,the world will get a wonderful future.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b176873c-11c7-3cbc-bb88-df6a1149414a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all know, we human being sometimes may have our own problems. In this case, if someone else can help us, we may deal with them better.
I have an experience as follows. When I was young, I was not good at math, even being unable to understand it. Shy as I was, I did not have  courage to ask for others, especially teachers. However, maybe my math teacher had noticed my problems, he talked to me kindly as a friend. After he had had known the reason why I did not well in math, he asked me if I want to have a class by him in my spare time. It was certain I agreed and appreciated. As a result, I earned high grades in the final exam and , above all, I developed a interest in math.
As far as I am concerned, love is the most important thing for us who live in a group and can not escape from it. So, we should help each others and care for each others. What’s more, we can not only deal with others’ troubles, but also gain happiness. However, if all of us become indifferent, our society will be no happiness . So , let us help others as much as we can.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 29f1fa01-13d8-304a-b37c-c2adf40097d0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was young, I went to a big shopping hall with my friends happily. But unfortunately I fell from the stairs, and my head was hurt badly. Then the people are worried about me, and they carried me to the hospital as soon as they could with my friends. I was very grateful to them for my being treated in time.
As we all know, our society needs concern. All the people don't live alone, and they all are surrounded by different people. Other people surrounding are one of the most important environments, we should pay much attention to it. If we are surrounded by love, surely we will fell happier and we will be more willing to help and concern others, which will contribute much to the development of the society. But on the contrary, if there is little care and love between people,it will be so bad. The people's lives will be full of conflicts with other people, and none will fell happy! And it will be a big block against the development of the society, which none will be willing to see it.
Our society needs love, and surely we are willing to love, because love makes everything better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 946d36e9-c8d3-3837-ace4-17316bc614c1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Nowadays our society is seeking for the harmonious. And the person's relationship is becoming more and more kind. For example, when I was in a new city for trip last year, the persons in there would be ebullient to help me find the right direction, even if I has break in on them. I was very appreciate them,because I was likely lost in that city without their help.
It's good ,not only for ourselves but also for the society, to increase the sense of the help. If all of us can understand that helping others is help ourselves in the meantime, our society will be full with the love and the kindness. We can cut down the possible of the apartness and war. That can help us live in a harmonious society. We will be more happiness and will get along well with each other.
On the contrary, if we are short of help. We are not able to believe others. We will live in a lonely life. We are liable not to smile but to cry. The world will be filled with the war, distrust, inhospitality and so on. That would be not our hope.
So only we help each other, we can find out the happiness primitively among the persons.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 80d46d39-85a9-3557-9faf-a188325eb65c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Every one has the experiences that others help he or she.As for mine, last term ,when I first learned advanced math.I wasn't accustomed to the way that college teacher teach.As a reasult,I did weak in the math homework.I was very disappointed and wanted to give up.But my roommate help me with study as long as she wasn't busy.In the final exam,I made a great progress under her help.I'm so grateful for her help.
As far as I'm concerned,we should be willing to help others,when they are in troubles.In case we are confronted with difficults, the people who we helped before will help us in return.
If the world full of love,it will lead a happy and harmonious life.On the contrary,if we don't care for each other,there will be a lot of confusion among people. The development of the world will be at a slow rate.A world which is lacking in love will be terrible.Above all,when you meet somebody who needs your help next time,don't hesitate to give him your hands.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ebbbdceb-da42-3779-95b2-51d57aac841a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was the summer vacation after the entrance examination for senior-level middle school when six of my best friends went on a trip to some other cities for fun .  I prepared a lot of things because  I hadn't gone  out alone .As a result ,my luggage got heavier and heavier. But then I was just  a little girl because I was shorter and thinner than people who has the same age as me.Fortunately,my friends were friendly .Considering my condition,they decided to help me with loading the luggage by turns all the way .Besides their own luggage ,they had to load mine as well.But they have no complaints.I was really impressed by them.
It's just an example of that the  world  is really full of love .You are not alone no matter where you are.Your friends ,your relatives,your classmates even strangers  will help you when necessary.Meanwhile ,you are supposed to help the people who need help.Without helping each other ,the world will fade away,and the relationship between us will be worse and worse.
So as the song goes ,as long as everyone give out a little love ,the world will become a glorious paradise.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7d73b5ed-ca64-3783-8b87-2a8689e835cb> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When refer to the word 'help', I will recall many things. Everyone might be helped, here I just tell about a small thing.
When I was 9 years old, one day after school, it rained dogs and cats. Unfortunately, I didn't carry my umbrella. And my parents hadn't left work. So I ran in the rain from school to my home, certainly, I couldn't get in the house. I was all wet from head to feet, standing there lonely. Just this time, my neighborhood found me, she brought me to her house, and helped me change my wet clothes. She stayed with me until my parents came back.
This is just a small thing, but it contains the most useful emotion in the world. Everyone should help each other, care about each other. Only in this way can we build a beautiful world. If we were lack of the emotion, the world would not exist heart, everyone would be cold and selfish. What a terrible thing!
So, for our beautiful tomorrow, we should do whatever we can to help others, let's make people more closed and make the world more warmer.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e1e155a5-b1d0-35d8-8d6a-8de2f088d9d3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Oneday, when I was on the way home. But all of a sudden, it's  rainy, I didn't carry umbrella and my clothes grew wet quickly. At that time, a stranger walked towards me and lent me a umbrella. I was much moved, with no words, he left.
This experience has a strong impact on me, I began to think of the glorious  relationship of help between people. I realised it's just our duty to help each other, all of our mankind are families. From the day on, I will lend my hands whenever I met someone who were in trouble, I just planted the good deed, and I decided to call on more people to join, I will  tell them that we humen-beings should care more about others, we should be warm-harted. Only in this way, can we make a  more beautiful future.
supposing if there's no help in our daily life, how does it look of our society. Maybe we can not hear any laugh and many successes will not be achieved. What's more, our society will stop to develop, and our future must be hopeless!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e66a47c5-54ac-36e6-8d99-3f77f1167ee8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a primary school student, I used to go to school by bus. Each time I would keep one yuan to buy tickets in my hand before geeting on the bus.
One day, I got on the bus as usual. I was surprised to find that I had no money in my hand when I was going to buy a ticket. The coin was here just one minute before, but where is it now. I feel very sorry and feeling that all the people around were looking at me.When asked for money, I had to say sorry. When I was wandering whether I would be asked to get down, a student nearby said he would pay it for me. I am very thankful to him, and I also felt very happiness since one can give me a hand when I was in difficult.
Maybe it was not an important ting, but it shows that if we can help each other, we will live better. Imaging that if people would not help each other, and only think about themselves, we all will live in a dark and code world, and we all will feel lonly, and we all will surly live in danger. To make our life better and more meaningful, cherish each opportunity to help others please.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7374b52e-62e0-3467-b53f-ba47f93ac5a4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
What impressed me most was that astranger helped me go to BUPT.The  fact that I was able to get to university was not by his car,but by his money.I was glad to find that I was admitted to BUPT.But when I found the tuition fee was so high,I felt depressed.When I was about to abandon the chance,the great stranger got my home and gave me the money.
Without his help,I think I will be late to university or lose the chance.The incident give me a lessen that we should help each other as much as possible.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c878b814-c36d-351b-b26b-259b1fb5e162> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It is necessary for us to help each other, especially in this society. It occurs to me that once I came back from downtown, it was unfortunate for me to bring  bus card, more worse, I had no change, I saw a person coming accidentally, so I was ashamed enough to come towards him for money, I was so grateful for him to borrow money to me instantly.
Now, it seems that we evolve to that way in only paying attention to ourselves, but not others, It might fall back  of our ages.
It is more important for us to know others better and care for other people. If everyone can play actions, there will be a purer world coming.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ca8dd362-951d-33df-ab3b-22fe913c3a86> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are often testes in our living troble his time we need friends to our help ,so we are 珍惜 our friends.
In our living helping each other is very importent, we are helping each other learning more teconologe each other no body each other, this helping each other bring our more happy .
Many time years ago, I testes a  trroble ,this time I don’t know how do this things, I thought about things for a longtime but couldn’t a way , end on the I found my friends , I told himafter  that things carefully ,he immediately a greet me to help  this things, so our working is this things .passer many time finished our work. And this things finishing in very successful .
So  we are test a troble ,we need founding our friends , they will help our and bring our more happy.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 695f39f2-9c25-30eb-9ab1-d72a88c00e95> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our everyday life, there are various things happening. Once the thing that my classmate named Song helped me with my homework will never fade from my memory. It was just in the evening, I was bored with the difficult homework. I worked on that problem again and again, but just cann't find the key. At last, I had to give it up and wanted to copy my friend's. Being my greatest friend, Song refused my request but insisted that she can help me solve the matter on my own. I was so touched by her behavior then and I decided that I should work harder to live up to her expections. The night was deeper and deeper, and we were still working on the homework.That evening really means a lot to me. I will forever rememerthat eveing we spent together.
In fact, we should care about each other in our daily life. Only in that way, can we lead a happy and meaningful life. Then the society will be better and better.
if every one in our society only cares about himself or herself, the word will not so wonderful as the old times. Everyone will become selfish. The world will become worse and worse, and finally it will be never suitable for humain to live.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e6b161b3-30cf-3958-8f73-e6792fc7ec98> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
All of us live in the society,so we have to get on with differernt people.As is said that a good neighber is better than a distant relative.When we are in trouble,we will be grateful to be helped in time by others.
Last year,one day,I was at home myslef.Suddenly,I heard noise from the kitchen.I rushed to there only to find the tap was broken and the water was fiowing. I put a plastic bag on it,but it was useless.When I was trying my best to make the water stop flowing,I heard Mr wang who is my neighbour calling me,"What's wrong with you?"
"The tap is broken and the water keep flowing!"I replaid.
"I know how to repair it,let me help you."He said.
"That's very nice of you."I said.
Mr.Wang turned off the gate of the water,the water immediately stopped flowing.Besides,he help me clean up the kitchen.
From this experience,I am deeply touched by the spirit of help.As a person,we need other's help.What'more,the whole society also need the spirit of help.If everyone was selfish,the corporate would dispear,the society would not make progress any more.Therefore,no one will alive without others.What we can do is to be hothearted when anyone need help.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9fbba807-42ad-3f24-b9ec-34558475d588> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Since the human beings began to emerge in this world, we have been living together. We are always a community. The capabilities of a individual person are limited. We need other's help, we ought to help others. People should help each other .
When I was a little girl, my English was very poor. I even can't understand what my English teacher said in class. It's
fcertainly that my English grades are very low. Marrian wan one of my best friends then. She felt worry about my English learning problems. At that time she did well in English exams. So She come to help me. I admitted that I'm stupid in learning English, but Marrian was very patient with me. She corrected every mistake I made. She practiced spoken English with me at our spare time. It was she that made me have confidence in my English. Years passed by and we have been apart, but I
still can remember her gentle voice that encourage me to go on.
To make the world we live better,to make our society more harmonious, we should help each other. If one day, people don't help each other any more, what a asocial , frost and dark world it will be!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 86592946-228f-3399-bcda-4148839471a7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Nowadays as lives becoming affluent, people are considering more about how to make mental fortune tangible. No one would survive the society without help from others.
I encountered an event at the age of 8 which has left deep impression on my heart. I was on an astonishing sightseeing trip with my  parents. Abruptly I couldn't see any of them because there was too crowded. I walked back and forth hoping to find one of my parents but failed. Then I began to cry, silently. I was noticed by a passer with her hand grasping her little daughter's and she asked what had happend. I just stand and don't answer a word. She patiently ask if I was apart from mother and I nodded my head. She didn't leave me but to accompany all the way toward where I got missed and then stay aside. It was the longest hours before father and mother appears again but I was not frightened any more. That period of my life is called the seed of love.
We cant't imagine a world without help and care and everyone is selfish and cold-hearted. We call for more emotional care amound people and hoping that the world be enlightened.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a233809d-fab7-37e0-aafc-d5ef910e588d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we know,everyone will be confronted with difficulities in our daily  life.So we will need others'help sometimes,and on the other hand, we can also give others a hand when necessary.Thus,our world will become more and more beautiful.
Now,let me tell you a true story happening on myself.A few days ago,I needed to have an interview for changing my major,I had to go to the BUPT school located in HaiDianZone by school bus.but when I finally waited a bus,Isuddenly found Iforgot taking my wallet,so I had no money to buy a ticket.but a girl came to and gave me 5 yuan so that I can arrived there on time.I want to give the girl the money and say thanks to her,but she did not give me her name and her number.I am really thanks for her help.
Every can need help from others and every can do others a favor.Only in this way we humans can live in harmony with each other.And our world will be better,so let us everyone ready to help people around you.And you will find it not only make others feel warm but also youself will be feel better about yourself.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2702d4dd-d2dd-3ffc-a9a3-a39e6acd9f87> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When you are in trobules, what do you want most? Of course, I think, others' help.
It is one day that I arrived in Beijing at the railway station alone. I was so amazed by its grandness that I couldn't find my way to the school. Anxious and puzzled, I noticed that someone walked to me. "May I help you?", he said.I can't express my appreciate when he guided me to the exit. Though I didn't konw his name, I am greatful for his kindness.
In my opinion, the world shoule be like this: people help each other no matter who he or she is.And I can't imagine how cold and distant the relationship around us would be if all of us separate ourselves from others.
Even if the improving technology makes it easier to live alnoe, it still is our duty to offered our assists what contribute to the world we are living for smaller and warmer.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 82004af2-ab75-3881-bf4a-95a586310b76> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As the saying goes, "Giving is much beeter than reciving". No one can do anything by himself. So we need others' helps and we should also help others, then the world will be wondeful.
When I was in senior high school, I was poor at maths. Becasue of it, I couldn't get high-ranking in the grade. I became anxious and lost confidence in maths. Fortunatly, my friend's friend did well in maths. Though we didn't konw each other, I had a try to seek hlep from him. To my surprise, he said ok straightly. Then every afternoon, he went to my classroom to help me improve my maths, sometimes he didn't have time to did his own things. I felt appreciated to him and now we become good friends and share happiness and sorrow in different universities with each other.
Helping each other can make  people have a better understanding in life and gain friendship everywhere. If we harbor a warm heart to others, then we may recieve kindness from ohers. We can find the world is beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 635c4b3f-4c2d-3283-904f-c406c1dc0101> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We live in a world with so many persons, and because everyone's ability or strength or some other thing is not that same, so we can't do everything by ourslves. We need cooperating ang communicating. Viewing in this way, helping others and accepting other people's help is that important in our daily life.
I can't image how the socity will be without others helping and caring. I still remember once I went out along to have a Jepense class, but my money was gone on my way back to school, I can't come back. And with the night come, I feel so terrible that I squated on the subway station crying. Then a senior came, he patted my shoulder gentlely and asked what's wrong with me, I told him about that. He said nothing but went to the wicket strightly, bought me a ticket. I just satnd ther sitll because I didn't know what to say to express my thanks.
After that, I get more understanding about humans' relationship. I realised that the world could be better if we think more about others. When we see someone in trouble, we should give them a hand, helping them get out of it. And when we meet difficulties, they will also assist us. With this, our world can be more harmony, and we'll live easier and happier. Let's give our hands to others, stand together  with them to build our world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9a5a1776-329d-363d-88ee-0634385eae35> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Our life is very colorful, but at the same time, there are many challenges and difficulties around us. When we are in trouble which we can’t get over, we are eager to get others’ rescue. As a result, we also should try our best to help others without hesitation.
At one occasion, when I came back from the hometown, I took a heavy trunk, which was tough for me to move it when I took the subway to our school. One of my classmates offered to help me with that as soon as he knew that I had to make it by myself. So he came to the station to help me. When we finally arrived at our school, it was very late at night and he hadn’t eaten dinner. I was very thankful for him and decided I would behave as him to help others when they got caught in trouble.
In conclusion, every one of us is able to meet some difficulties. We should help each other. Just as the saying goes, helping others is helping ourselves. Only we help and take care of each other, can our society become more harmonic and warm.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 40f38b1a-6c15-3e81-b53c-44b6a089a53f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
With the development of society and the improvement of science technology, the relationship between us seems to be less close than before. Gradually we get used to dealing with our routine life individually. However,without doubt,it is necessary for us to help each other.
I'll tell you a story about me.when I was in my third year in primary school,I was assigned the task of making a composition in our art class.I was sure that I was gifted in something related to art.So I made up my mind to accomplish this assignment on my own.But after a while,it was not until the bell rang that I realized other kids having finished the task perfectly.At that moment my deskmate began to assist me with my composition.As soon as possible,we turned in the work.
This short story tells us the truth that we should help each other as possible as we can and that only in this way can we finish the task more efficiently and more gloriously.We are supposed to bear it in mind that cooperation leads to perfection.
Whereas,if our society is lacking in careness for each other,it will become a world of coolness and we will feel helpless when we are faced with difficulties.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3ffe6f5f-6726-3f88-94fb-cdbed817fae7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In 2008, a terrible earthquake happened in my hometown. Many buildings fell down instantly. Many people died at that time. Everything was changed! I felt despaired and the whole world became dark.
Fortunately, the dark time did not last long......
After the earthquake, there were many people helping us . They sent the food to us, built temps for us, helped us to get over the fear of the disaster…… I felt warm and touched. Thanks to the help, we survivors found the sunshine again!
Everyone will suffer some trouble. We should help each other so that the world will be better. Also, we can make a beautiful sunset together.
On the contrary, if people do not help each other, the world will become colder and darker. How can we run after the love and happiness? How can we live in the world?
In brief, When you give your hands to others, you also help yourself. if everyone is willing to help others, tomorrow will be better!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 797142f1-0094-33e7-bd8d-98c96cd16d30> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Hleping each other makes our life happiness.
Several years ago, a stranger helped me when I was a little boy. That is my first time left home to go to school. I could not find the classroom I would to go. He told me the right location of the classroom, so I could go to classroom on time…
So I think it’s necessary to help each other in the daily life. By this way our life can become happier.
If everyone can not help others, the society would not be concordant; If we all don’t help each other, there will more people be in hot water,  and the society will make people feel cold, lack of sympathy; If we don’t help each other, human will become heartless like tiger.
It is important people have the consciousness of helping each other .
The all over the world need，the society needs，we also need that.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bcd31e86-0602-337b-903a-62aa4e8b5622> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Long time ago, when I was at junior school. One morning, because of staying up last night, I woke up late, so I hurried to go to school. I ran to the bus station and got on a bus. But unfortunately, I left my wallet at home and I had no money. You can imagine how embarrassed I was. When i was despaired, suddenly ,a man came over and paid for the fee. I was too grateful to say anything. I said “Thank you”repeatedly , but the man only said“That’s all right.”
In modern society, with the development of science and technology，people become more and more busy and distant. They rarely care about others, they become selfish. It’s disadvantageous for the healthy development of society. So we should pay more attention to other people, if so, others also will help us, and people can get along well with each other.
Provided that human becomes selfish, then the whole world will become a “Cold World”, where there is no love, no happiness, no peace. The world won’t develop, and that will be the judgment day.
No pay, no gain! So if you want more love and want being helped, help each other first and spare your love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5c783baa-3239-3a71-8d98-bc3b0914c933> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We'll meet with many problems in our daily life, which may can't solved by ourselves. Therefore, it's responsible for us to help out people, especially when they turn to us.
For instance, I lost my ID card in the supermarket once. No sooner I had found my ID card had lost than I did't know what to do. Fortunately, a woman working in the supermarket went to me and asked what happened to me. After knowing the whole thing, she took me to the broadcast center and broadcasted my problem. In less than 20 minutes, a man found it and gave it to me. I appreciated their help very much. It left a deep impressions in my mind.
What I want to stress is that people should help and care about each other.Only in this way, can our society become harmonious and warm. How would the society become if people were lacking in care and love? I don't want to imagine that.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6ea55ccf-dfd2-3cc7-9399-0987ed811d4f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In my high school life,I was only a ordinary student.Only can you study hard that you could be admitted   to university.Everyone in my class devoted himself or herself in learning and acknowledging skills.As everyone knows,a person who made progress in studying must be faced with plenties of difficulty.So it is the same with me.
At one time,I buried  myself in my books for a long time to work out a math problem.As time went by,when it was time to have meals,I could not succeed in solving the problem.Disappointed with myself, I was to give it up.However,one of my classmate who cames out top often gave me a hand.Then,he explained to me patiently so that I was suddenly enlightened at last.he advise me to ask the teacher for help as well if I did not understand，which  moved me a lot.After then on ,I learned that we help each other and care about each other,so the world will be full of love and peace.
If we do not have the things said above,society is not a real society.However,it is a place of law of the jungle.in the oppsite，there is evil and wars in the earth.I hope the day would not came.So we must help each other and care about each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8258f989-2c0a-3f37-a49e-3399dbbbbce6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It's widely accepted that helping others is a virtue.As for me,I have been helped by others.When I was a child,once my mother took me to the park,and I had a wonderful afternoon there.But unfortunately,I got lost because so many people were in the park.I was so frightened that I couldn't do anything but crying.After a while,a man came to ask me if I was lost,after several questions,he brought me to the police station and on the road he bought some food for me.Finally I found my mother who was so nervous because of my missing by the help of the policemen.But I also want to thank the man for his help,if he didn't help me,the way to find my mother could be very difficult.
It's obvious that we should help and care for other people.Just because we obey this rule:"care for,help each other anytime,anywhere." that we can call us "human" and still be alive on the planet afer  going through so many disasters.If we just throw the rule away,people won't care for others anymore,where is the difference between huamna and animal?The society will quilkly crashed,and we,the human,will also come to the end.
Helping each other,helping yourself!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 74b6c491-a280-34c7-a9e7-4a9acf05caae> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One can not live without friends.One can not make great progress without cooperating with others.
We can not live a life that don't have any trouble,and sometimes we can't deal with the problems,so we need help.For example,when I first
set foot in BUPT.And I unfortunly lose my bags.When I ask for  senior students.They all have a warm-hearted,and then ,the other day ,they find my bag and give it for me.I'm show great thankfulness to them.
In my opinion, we should give others a hand ,when they need a help.If not,the world will become more and more bland.
Just like a old sayings goes "given better than taken".If everyone
hang out their assistance hands when necessary.It will make a big difference.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0d087210-7a89-330f-98df-b5b12b78d30a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our life, we always face all kinds of difficult, at the same time, there are mangy warmhearted people  who around you  can help you  in time. Similarly, my friends can be willing to help me when I face difficult.
When I study in school, I always be absorbed in study, however I ignore what weather like is .So, I often had a cold. Especially, I had a bad cold at one time. I weakly lie on the bed and have a fever. I think I will die. But, my friends discover that I have a bad cold in time, and they take me to hospital. They accompany me all night and buy many food for me. I am very move.Now,I still remember my friends` help.
In my opinion, people should be care about and help each other in life. Under help and care, we can see what is true love. And we can feel warm-hearted. However, if there is a lack of help and care in our life,  the society will be worse and worse. Similarly, people will be cold-blooded.So, let`s care and help others,and  set up wonderful life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ad59484f-4453-3b78-8717-6c5a9cfb8300> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When we are in trouble, we will probably feel upset and hopeless. At that monment, if there is a warm-hearted person helping you, the whole world seems to be warmer. As helping is such a beautiful action, we should give a hand when somebody is in trouble.
When I was in high school, I once got a serious fever. Sleepy and tired, I even have no strength to move a step. My lovely classmates cared me so much that they bought meals for me in turn. Soon I recovered. Thanks for my lovely friends.
If we try our best to help others.We can get help from others at the same time. The world will be unimaginable without helping, and the relationship will be too cold without helping. Helping is a behavior of love. The world with love is a really desirable place to live in.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 857dc2ca-34f7-357f-b6f7-80326a1f3271> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other makes our life better.One night,it began to rain cats and dogs when I was prepared to go back to the dormitory from the teaching building.Anxiety and sadness filled in my heart.To my surprise,a student came into me with a smile and let me leave with her under an umbrella.Though the rain is cold,my heart is warm.
According to my story, I find it necessary to give each other a hand when they need help at any time.On the one hand, it shows your warm heart and you will feel happy.On the other hand, giving other's a hand may be a little thing to you, but a big favor to others.
One can't do anything without other's help.If losing this kind of warm heart or careful thoughts, it may bring about plenty of problems. First,the relationship between each other would be faded. People will become cold,lonly and don't want to get in touch with others.What's worse, the society will become awful.Tf most people in this society become cold-heart watchers,the justice will dispear and society will become death.
Helping others is not a big deal but a meaningful action to others.We should keep doing it all the time.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 26757d8d-f7c6-36ed-a827-456a57e07ca6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Living in the world,everybody will meet difficulties.Trying our best to help others can make the world warmer.
As everybody knows , Grade 3 is a suffering time for senior high school students. At the beginning of Grade 3, I did very bad in all exams. One day after school, I was so sad and walking along a river. Thinking of the results if I got in the College Entrance Exam ,I feel that my life was of no value . Suddenly , my classmate Tom ,who was the best in our school ,spotted me and chatted with me. “I know you feel bad about exams ”,he said, “but we still have nearly one year to fight  for our dreams .Let’s study together and I will help you if you have problem .”Tears ran out my eyes and I couldn’t say even a word . Time goes by and we have studied together for a whole year . Thanks to his helpness , I became one of the top students in the end.
We people live in the world full of difficulties. One person is easy to be defeated, but it’s not easy when a group of people are standing together . We may face problems from nature ,enermy or even from ourselves , and we should heip each other to overcome these problems. This is the only way to make everybody lead a happy life .
If we don’t help other , others will not help us ,and the world will be so terrible without helpness and love from others. Nothing will survive and we, the people , will as same as dogs, looking for their own food.
Help others as you can ,and that is also help yourself !

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 43503829-1ee6-3512-9c45-fd474f4e1ded> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When making a recalling to my learning way,I can never forget my experience in learning math.in fact,I used to have great difficulty in learning math.So I didn't get good grades in math.Gradually,I lost interest in math.
Luckily,I encountered with a good teacher who we called Mrs Li.One day,she called me to her office and talked with me patiently which made me move deeply.After that,she would taught me hou to think and hou to work out questions in math.With her help,I made great progress in the exam,in addition,I refinded my interest in math.Thanks for my teacher!
Until today,I always think of the little thing and my teacher.As I grow older,I become thinking more and more about it.One should help each other,should give a hand to those in trouble,should pay more attention to those not taking any edge in our society.It is mutual support that makes this season hardship and cold more bearable.
On the other hand,assumeing that the society is numb and
everyone care only about himself or herself,what is your feeling about it?What is your feeling when you are in badly need and turn somebody for help only meet with blank stare? The answer is self-explanatory.
Please care more about others in our daily life.Let's take actions now and there will be a woderful world for us!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f29579b0-80f4-35cd-8d74-1f67277111cf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In the hot summer of 2011,I travelled a long distance to Beijing, the capital of china ,to enroll my college ,which I had dreamed about in those dark nights.It was an experience I would remember forever.
Because I was new there,I completely lost my dirrections after getting off the train.After a short time,I dumped into an enthusiastic cleaner  whom I asked for help.She made a point of sending me to the shuttle station and help me carry the heavy luggage.Forturnately,I found the destination on schedule with her kind help.
I am grateful to those who are ready to help others.In fact,love is all around us.If we make efforts to help others,we will gain help from others,too.There is nobody who can live away from other's help.Helping each other does contribute to a harmonious society.
All for one,one for all.If it weren't for the help from the people around us,what kind of life we may be living?The answer may be dreading.We may not be living such a comfortable life.Besides, a quantity of troubles may come over you.Anyway,helping each other is a good behavior as well as a kind of virtue we all should form and develope.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 95edf05d-711b-3ca0-b93a-2dac78f33860> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we know,no one can live on the world independently.Especially when you're in trouble,other's help can give you hope and comfort.
Once on a Saturday,I studied in the classroom all the day,but in the evening, when I left,I forgot to take my math notebook which is very important for me.Because the math exam was coming next week,what should I do whthout the math notebook?Luckily,as I was anxious about it,a classmate with whom I didn't acquaitant brought the math note to me in time.I was too appreciated to say other words except thanks.And throught this case,I realised how important and what a glorious thing other's help is.
In a word,everyone should help each other and be concerned with each other.Not only you but also others can get strength from the help.And our society will be of harmony where everyone can feel cheerful and warmful.So We can get along very well with each other and there will be no harm and cruelty.
If not,everything will turn to the opposite.Everyone will do things only for themselves and ignore other's feelings.Little by little,everyone will become a cold blood animal and the community won't be a real community for everyone being selfish.I can't imagine in the end what the society that is lack of love will be.Maybe it is time that human become extinct.
So for yourself and others,help each other since present!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c0f3948c-424c-36cf-9eea-fddcfbca8a2f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Help each other make the world wonderful.
Everybody needs other's helps, we're living in the same earth,we have a same mother,so we should to help other people.
I was also be given help by some people. When I was a student in senior high school,I really like to travel by feet in my hometown where have a beautiful beach.But one day I got lose in a bystreet.when I felt scared of that.An elder become up,he point out the right direction and gave me a piece of pie.That makes me feel warm and comfortable.
So I think if you have ability to  help other people ,not only make the people be obliged to you ,but also can make our society become better.
If one day everybody only to care about himself and don't to help other people ,what our society will become. We can't believe others,people become inhospitality and selfish .Obviously we don't want to face to that day .
Giving is better than receiving .Help other make us live a better life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 338022a1-cf0b-362f-95b8-eb843afcec02> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In the daily life,we always meet many kinds of problems.Some time we can solve it by ourselves,but there are always many things that occur to us beyond our ability.
Once ,when I was a senior high school student,I came to Beijing to learn English with my best friends.But we lost our way to coming back.Unfortunately,when we hung up on the road,it began to rain cats and dogs.Althought we had the umbrellas，our cases and shoes were wet.We asked people about the way but nobody knew.In the end,we asked a taxi driver.He found that we were tired and frightened,so he sent us to our destination for free.Thought it has been a long time,we also feel thankful for his help to that taxi driver.
We know,in the world,nature disaster is very normal,like earthquake,sanderstorm and so on.When we face to this kind of problems, we won’t have any chance to beat it unless we help each other together and try our best.
Besides,we should help each other in our daily life.Care about others is our nature character.If we won’t do that,the world will be cold ,cruel and there won’t be any kind and innocence.Helping each other can let us solve our problem easily and we can feel the worm heart in the society.So,let’s begin to help each other and we will feel happy all the day!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e04938cc-0ab3-36c8-bb5d-54d54c2b2cf7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It occured to me that the first day I came to BUPT when I saw the topic. As a freshman, I even didn't know the direction in Beijing, so I had enomrous difficulties in the new and strange environment. But I was lucky enough to meet a sophomore sister. She led me to place my luggage, get my new books and deal with all the odds.The sunshine is strong and the weather is hot but her bustling moves never stopped. But it was a pity that I didn't know her name beacuse she went away to help others after my things had done.
As we all know,nobody can live well without other's help in the society.  When we are in trouble we will find that a little help even a piece of friendly expression in other's eyes is the most beautiful thing in the world. We can gain courge to get out of the mess and live a better life.
Assuming that if anyone lives his/her own life lonely and never help others or is helped by others, what condition will the world change? We will lose inital warmth of the human beings.Heping each other and we will be more happier and live easier,and as a result, the world will be more harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d8ff7cb5-3e82-3577-8354-f17afecb6a12> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I first saw this topic,a piece of telling memory occurred to me with warmness spilled in my head.It was the second evening I spent alone since I came to Beijing without parents arround,I was just lost on the way back from meeting with my high school classmates who were also admitted to universities in Beijing.Hanging around in the street I felt cold without friends although it was hot summer.But things just turned to be a lucky one.When I turn to a grandpa passby for help,she was so willing to guide me and drew a draft for me.Finally,without endeanver,I went back school.
By all accounts,helping each other as a moral is abosolutely a good thing.On the one hand,a favor can give the people in need a hand,whether it is helpful or not,it is important to have a feeling that there are people caring for me and that I'm not alone at least.On the other hand,the impact is double.Afer you have done something good,your soul will be purified and you will feel more self-identified.As the saying goes,"rose given,flouvor reserved."
On the contrast,if there aren't helping,what the world will be like?A desert or a cold place like the north pole?God knows.But one thing we can assure is that it wouldn't be a harmoney planet any longer for the souls on it are all travelling lonely,without knowing where the foreroad is.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9f15238f-0da1-3c02-8ae9-042909cdd0b7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As huamn beings in the social world, no one can live as a single creature. There is no doubt that we have got to depend on others and help each other.
We can tell that everyone has the experiences helped by someone else. And it recalls me mine, it is still fresh.
One moring in my primay school, I reached early and hung out at the parterre alone. And unfortunately, my dress was teared by tree branches when I was passing by a tree. As a little girl, I'm embarrassed and dare not to get out so that I missed the class. I squated there helplessly . Meanwhile, there was a teather passing by and asked me about my situation. After knowing it he told me not to worry and his wife is a tailor and their house was just at the school gate. Then, you know my problem was well solved after all.
As we all know, it feels amazing when helping or helped. Because it brings warm and happiness. We have to help each other and care about each other if we want to lead a happy and harmonious life. And on the contrary, if world lacks help, it will be cold, dark and the social web is gonna be destoryed without doubt.
So, for the sake of the beautiful future, let's show our warm heart and help those in trouble. And apparently, we have to!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 59045341-8d75-3290-bcd3-60864009798a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Upon talking about help, a thing comes up in my head.
When I was in high school, my legs were injured in an accident. It was difficult for me to walk at that time, so I couldn’t go to canteen to have meals. Thanks to my lovely classmates, they bought it back for me, and I can have meals. I think it was the most delicious food I have ever had. It brought warmth from my classmates’ heart to me.
From this thing, I learned that it’s of great importance to help each other. Everyone may face difficulties, and some of them can’t be solved by one person. Then we need other’s help. And of course, we should help others.
I can’t imagine a word without love. No one cares you and no one helps you. The world will become a wasteland. Then, can you imagine how lonely you will be?
In a word, we should help each other. Use your heart, and you’ll find a better world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3df07863-c1e6-3f6d-b5f3-6681a0a97a05> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a senior high student,I was not good at my study at he beginning.I always felt that time was not enough to do homework.No matter how many effort I had made,I could not make any progress.This made me fell depressed. One day, while I was concentrating on a math question,the boy who sat in front of me told me the way to solve this problem.I came to understand suddenly.What a warmhearted classmate he was. After that movement,if I had problem I would ask him and he was please to help me.
From my experience,we should help each other and care about each other. When you get in trouble,you may hope people can be enthusiastic
to help you.Exchanging positions,all of them are thinking the same with you.
Just imagine that a society was full of listless persons,it will be a hell.It's hard to do for us that every one only consider themselves but  don't care others'felling.The last but not the least,helping others is a wonderful thing.If we could do our best to help each other ,the world will be filled with love.so,why not to give a hand to others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 457fb4d8-8031-33c1-ab92-85650ed174b9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
With the development of economy, we live a more and more comfortable life. And the relationship of people in society also become inhospitable. But in my opinion, we should help each other in our daily life .
Several years ago, I have a trip to Beijing. Despite the fact that I have been to Beijing before, I even got lost. At that time, I felt rather regret than tired. But an old lady came to help me. She gave me some water and helped me to get to the transfer station. Though I didn’t know her name, I appreciated her very much. With her help, I got to my destination on time.
Human being should help each other, take care of the one who is need help. It is essential that cooperation will help us in many aspects. Everyone want to have a friendly atmosphere, don't they?
If we don’t take care of each other, our life will be rather terrible. And our society would be more and more cruel. That is what we won’t want to see. So let’s help each other and make our society harmonious!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1669aaab-3624-325d-86ee-12bfeff74f9d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we know, no one can live smoothly without others' help. Since others help us, it's our duty to help others, too. In retrospect these years I experience, I have been helped by each other many times. But there is a experience which impressed me so much.
At that time, I had study problem before a very important exam. I was almost despaired. I even had to think if I should live. My teacher find my low spirit. She had a long talk with me after school. Then she know why I was so sad. After that day, She would help me on my study after school everyday though her home is far from my school. At that exam, I passed. I was so glad and told my teacher first. My teacher smiled to me, told me life is on. That time, I cried. Thank you, teacher. You not only helped me, above of all, but also teached me we should try our best to help others.
From then on, I help others when they need my help. My behaviour also influences the people around me. I can't imagine what the society will be without help. It may be a terrified world in which everyone only live in his own world and don't care about others.
Do you want to live in the world like that? I think I'm not, so I help others. If you agree with me, go to help others and make the world more helpful!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 475d5f4d-d5a8-3fc8-876b-031aa67d9b0a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When one person is alive,he or she must be troubled by much difficults which can't be solved by himself or hesself.At my age of 16,I was naughty.after school,it's dark,I run after one of my classmate in the street whitout paying attention to cars.Unluckily,I was ran dowm by a bike.Iwas hurt and  in pain.The bike dispeared in the dark.At this time,my classmate took me to hospital,so I was cured by doctor in time.After that,I belive every person should help each other,when you are in trouble,people help you,when oher people meet difficulties and you help them.Every person help each other,so every person would have no trouble.Less trouble is,better life will be.
If the society is lack of kindness and care, there is no love around, just people with selfish mind thinking about their own benefits.If this happened,all people will be bored by countless trouble.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID de01bf8b-ff2a-37cb-826c-aa064a49e96d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all know, helping each other is everyone's dutes.Not only it is a virtue,but also helping each other can make the world more friengdly and more wonderful.However,with the development of the economy and the society,the relationship between person and person become more and more cold.So we can say that the world need heip.Everyone should care about others and help them.
The help from others can make you feel warm.For my owm example.When I was a child,every time I crossed the road,there were always some people help me as if I was their our chid.In this time ,I would be moved and want to say "Thank you!".And everyone who heard my thanks would have a smile.I think they must be happy.
I want to say that the feeling of helping others is better than being helped by others.What's more,if everyone enjoy helping others,there will never be difficulties in the world for no matter what's the matter you meet there will always be someone help you.You can't imagine how wonderful our world is!
If the society is short of concerning about other and no one wants to help others, what the society will become?I can't imagine!The world must be not suitable for human to live in .
No one wants to see the world you live in become a no concerderate world and everyone wants to have a world that people like to help each other.So for a more beautiful world ,let us help each other!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3f5082db-06e9-3d1b-ad96-57fca454da5c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In last Semester, I was a guy who paid my attention on game. It was so bad that I couldn’t pass the middle exam. I was so worried about it, and I don’t know how to change my grade. At this moment, my classmates came and helped me. They tought me how to study math and told me which is the stress in English. They also give me many suggestions about study and chatted with me about the future to encourage me. Finally, with my classmates’ help, I passed the final exam with a not-bad grade.
I can never pass the finally exam without my friends’ help. It means I must do everything I can to help them, too. We must help each other and care for each other. I appreciate that I have such nice friends in my life.
I can’t imagine what our society will be if there was no help and care. But I bet it can’t be well without it.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d71a94c0-e281-38f7-b87a-f0f53dd8525d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
All of us will meet troubles now and then,maybe you can solve the problems by youself sometimes,but in the most time,you need other people's help. So we should help each other,because if you never give another one help,how can you except other's help?
The first day when I came to BUPT,no one knew me here,and I feet lonely and a little nervious until I met a elder classmate of my institute.Now,only one thing that I can remember is  his smile,which is very sunshine.He helped me carried my baggage to my room,clean the room,teache me how to take water and food and many other things.although these things are all very smoothful,but they inspire me.He made me feel warm and knew the truth.
After few months ,I also will help my yonger classmats like him,and I will tell them that we should help each other,just like my elder classmate.
Think about that,if we don't help each other,how our society will be?please do as much as we can to give other people warmth and help.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9026e1d7-356a-3381-8e3c-fb71d171e1c2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a child,About six years old.One day,when the class was over,I would come bach to home.When I was throughing a road,a car was coming by high speed.I was very afraid and stop in the road.the car was about to hit me when a young man comes and pull me out of the road.He save my life and I feel thanks to him.
In that time,if the man did not come and pull me out of the road,may be I would die.I think that if every one can help each other when someone need to help.The society will become better and better.on the contrary,If every one do not want to help other,then,when they are in danger,nobody will help them.The society will lack of warm,and people will become hardhearted.So,if we can,we should try our best to help each other,and then we will build a warm society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b017ec58-8cc8-353a-8e0c-28b5d295bbea> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When facing with the fact that we human beings live in one world and come across with each other every day,we must learn to help each other and care about others.In that case,we can only get along well with each other.
I have met the help from a stranger one once.One day at school,I was trying my best to open the door of the Teaching Building with a lot of things in my hands,at that moment,a strang student helped me open the door and carried my things to my destination instead of hurrying up to do his own things.I realy moved by his help,and I would remember him forever.
So help can make people more close and build a more wonderful world amoung people.If there is no help in our daily life,we will not feel warming from each other and our life is without color,as well as wonder.In brief,every one may come across difficulties,as long as we help each other can we overcome any troubles to lead a happiness and colorful life.
All in all,please help others and care about others from now on.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 35af9488-4eb3-3964-b353-a72ef6979e7a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
With the development of the society,our life is becoming more and more harmonious.What's more,the consious of helping others is improving .This made our society full of happyness.
Once,I went home after school.My home is far away from the school ,so I need to take a bus.After a long time waiting,the bus eventually came.When I got on the bus,I began to look for my money.But I couldn't find it.I suddenly realised that the money was in the trousers which mom washed yesterday.My face turned red.I couldn't say a word.At this moment,the uncle standing opposite me noticed my embrassment.He said to me:Don't worry,I will pay it for you.Then he took 1 yuan into the box.I felt so moved that I said many thanks to the uncle.I really appreciated him.
From where I am standing,helping others is a virtue that belongs to our 5000-year-old country.We are supposed to help others ,care for others.For we live on the planet together,we had better do for others.
However,what will the society be if people don't help each other? People only do for themselves,pay no attention on others' life.With time going,our society will sorrounded by coldness.Everyone will be bored with it.
In a word, we help each other and make the environment more healthy and harmonious.Only in this way can wo have a high level life.It is our dream,and it is going to come true .Let's contribute to it together.I believe that as long as we would pay,we could get repay.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 704b7941-9c3e-3049-91b1-ba837625acfc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everybody is likely to have difficulty in something that may occur suddenly in our daily life. When someone comes to us as long as we meet troubles we must feel so grateful. And if everybody in the world helps each other, the world will become so warm.
The darkest time and the greatest time in the past may be the senior year at high school. Lots of stress makes me so sad, especially
One time I failed a very important exam. Desperated and depressed, I walked alone the school yard thinking what I should do and how my parents disappoint to me if I could not be accepted a university. I think the future is terrible so I can't help crying. Suddenly a small hand handed over a handkerchief gentlely. He is my classmate Bob who is very kind and helpful. Knowed about my trouble, he assured me that "we still have a month to prepare the final exam, take it easy and prepare it fully, give yourself confidence toward the exam and I think you will success." He give me power to go on and we study hard and help each other on the hard problem. In the end, we both accepted by university.
we human being is so small in the nature, especially life is full of troubles, so we need to bind together to come over it because the power of one single person is too small to defeat the difficulties. We should always help and care about each other that will bring about the society full of love.
Lacking of caring about each other, people will become selfish and lazy. The world will become dark and no more love in there. We don't want to see if a old lady has trouble in passing the road, there will be no one to help her. So light up the world with you kindness and love , the world will full of love again.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 74c3a2c1-6a72-3f08-82bb-ea1d0d139b69> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember the day that I have met John for the first time. I didn’t have enough change to buy a subway ticket. John, a sunshine boy, came up when I was really embarrassed. He bought a ticket for me so that I didn’t miss my flight. I appreciated him very much. After that, we became bosom friends.
That’s why we should help each other—helping each other makes our life better. As far as I’m concerned, doing a favor to others not only can help others but also can makes we happy. Sometimes we can make friends with others easily by helping them.
To tell you the truth, I can’t imagine a world without love and kindness. People wouldn’t succeed in anything if we didn’t help each other at all.Obviously everyone will feel lonely and sad.
In my opinion, it is an important part of our life to help each other. And I will do my best to do a favor to everyone who needs a help. I love this sentence: Helping each other makes our life better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bd206684-e61d-375a-9856-ecb8a2ff556b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Three weeks ago,I had a fever.Something trouble,something bad. I could not realize that was so serious that I took a relax the whole week.However,my friends sends their hands to me.They bought a lot of fruits for me.Then,they took my lunch and dinner into our room.Moreover,they gave their notebooks on classroom as I could't go to class.Thank you,my friends!
As we can see from this thing,helping each other is very important.We should give our hands when one in trouble.Friend in need is friend indeed.Our social need our warm-heard.
On the other hand,if this social lack of "Helping Each Other",maybe we can't alive on this plane.Everyone only pay attention to theirselves,the world would be dark and aparthess.
The fact prove that we need and should "Helping Each Other".So,give our hands,help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID da818ecb-b10c-3e33-8b2b-957c68bfbc9b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily life, something always doesn't go on well as our expectation. So, as a result of it, we often get into troubles. When we cannot deal with things on our own, what we need is other's help.
There is an example in my college life. It was a sunny day, my roommate and I together went to playground to have a run. Suddenly I fell down by a big schoolbag.Feeling much pain,I was so regret that I hadn't seen carefully the road under my feet. Then my friend helped me walk to dormitory step by step.As far as I'm connerned,if without her help,I would have much difficulties to come back. Because I had to follow doctor's suggestions to have a good rest in bed, my roommates took food and water for me.I appreciate them so much.
From that thing, I am aware that people should give a hand to each other when they need.Living in the same society,we should care for each other and give our kindness. Only like that, our society will become more and more honmony.
If the society lacks of careness,I connot imagine it will become what.I believe everyone hopes that will never come up.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 045b7c10-ba77-3628-b69e-46183d9f71b9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Several weeks ago,I got a serious fever,when I felt so tired and ill that I skipped classes.
At that time,my roommates kept company with me to go to the hospital and then did transfusion.I have in rememberance that one afternoon,I had a high fever to 39.5'c,and it's terrible,my best friend Joy bought some medicine to come down my temperature,and bought my favourite food to make me happy,besides,she also said many jokes to me...she stayed with me all the time until I get well.That time I had a feel that the dormitory is another home,and the friends are also my relatives,I love them.
With the help and care of my friends,I got well quickly.After going through the fever,I understand the importance of the friendship,especially the help between each other.
The world need warmth and harmonious,assuming that the community is short of these glorious things,it will be too ice-cold to live.So we must bear in mind with this one--helping each other,and make a better society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d469166b-de13-3ac7-b0de-47626b0e221c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In my life,thre are many people whether stranger or acquaintance who give a hand to me when I'm in trouble.
One thing in my thirteen years old that impressed me deeply.That was my first year in junior high school,I had to ride to school because my home was far away from school.I have learned riding not long ago,therefore,I could't master the bicycle skillfully.Also it was a raining day,so I fell from the bicycle unfortunately.My bike was broken and my knee was bleeding.Painfully and helplessly,I cried silently.Many passerbies just glanced at me then passing by.Suddenly,a big hand run out to me,wiping up my tears and comforting me in a mild tone. It was that woman who took me to school and had my bike repaired in the end though I haven't known her name until now.I really appreciated her for her help in time.Since then,I thought I would handed down the love,the spirit.
In our society,every person may be stuck in trouble from time to time.So when you help others, you may help yourself at the same time .It's just a mutual thing.Maybe we can't imagine how the world would be like without caring reciprocally.It's likely that we can't go far in that condition,and the world would be cool and frost.Even when you in an emergency,nobody would assist you.How terrible it is.
At any rate,Let's help each other,let's establish a wonderful world full of love!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8b3eef21-9ecc-319d-a622-c879ba344a35> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day,I felt a stomachache,it reminds me of my classmate who seated besides me When I was in grade 3 in sinor high school.
It is a usual day like everything is all right,we were sitting in the classroom ,having English class.Suddenly,I felt a great pain of my stomache,I just couldn't breath with such a pain,and was too  weak to move.At that time,she gave her hand to me,sent me to the hospital,companyed with me all the time,and put the blanket on me to prevent me from the cold.Warmness and movement were what I could got.
From that,I got a conclusion that there is a need for humanbeing to help each other and care for each other.Being warm-hearted is a traditional virtue ,as we were educated at yong age.what's more,with keep doing like this,love and happiness will around us.And can you image what the sociaty might be if people live without careness for others?The number of crime will increas,the relationship between us will be broken.How terrible it is!
Just pay a little more attention to the people arround you,give a hand if needed!It won't take much ,but it will make life better!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3230c021-95c3-39a9-9053-2162f7a06658> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in senior high school, I Went to school by bicycle. One morning, I cycled to school as usual, when my bicycle broke. I'm anxieous. Fortunately, I met a warm-hearted person. He repaired my bike so I could go to class on time. I thanked him from my heart.
Well, from my experience we can see, people should help each other and care about each other. When we meet some trouble, we expect somebody come to help. So does the others. In breief,helping others is helping yourself.
Assuming that people never care about others, what will the society be like? Maybe we feel that we all live on an isolated island alone.It's hard to imagine that every one only consider themselves but ignore others. After all, we live in the same world, we should help each other and try our best together to develop our life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 136e757f-3e0d-36d1-b761-ad7a1a874ffe> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When it comes to the most telling thing I have met,I always thought of the helping when I got stuck.Long before,I was riding on the  road without notice a huge stone.Then I fell down.I felt painful,so much so that I can't stand up.At that time ,here came some persons.They  ran toward me and asked me if I needed  to be sent to the hospital.And  that's all.Although the thing is tiny,it left a deep impression on me.  Maybe it can be accounted for the help from strangers.
Since we live in a big family ,and we should help each other and
take care of each other.The help can make strangers closer and friendly.When we are in difficulties,we always hope someone could come out and help us.If you are enough lucky that it come true,you'll find the world is so pretty and you'll felt warmth and goodness among human beings.
IF the world lack concerning about each other ,what would the world be ?Every person would be so lonely and cool.You and I would be very remote in heart and soul.I almost can't imagine it ,because it's so terrible.
Don'be cool,help anyone in difficulties as much as you can whenever you see.If you can do like this ,you will find the world is so  brilliant and full of warm sunshine.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 37eb89aa-56cc-3497-9781-ceb595167749> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We people are living in the same world and nothing is perfectly.Even the greatest people need help,let alone our common people.
Once I was busy catching a bus and the crowd squeezed out my wallet.I knew nothing about it and feel proud of getting on the bus.When the conductor approaching,I suddenly realized that I lost my wallet.I was embarrassed and choked up when she asked me for 1 yuan.And it was the first time that I felt so awkward.Just then, an adult woman gave me 1 yuan and exhorted me not lose my wallet again.I can remember her face even 8 years have passed and the happinest of being help will be memorized in my mind.
If our people don't help each other and treat each other just like the army,what our society will be?I think it's just like the animals in the food chain,the only principle is that the weak are the prey of the strong.We should help and care about each other.
Helping is just like the sunshine, it can drove away the darkness;helping is just like the wind,it can blow away the haze;help is just like the rain, it can moist the dry land.So, hlelping each other and make the world full of our love!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c6bd915d-db5c-325a-9068-04a036ebfd6b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In my eyes,our world is full of love and friesdship because of the help.As is known to all,helping others not only makes people feel warm,but also makes you happy.I strongly believe it since attended high school.
Three years ago,I went to Tangshan for my high school study alone.And it was my first time that I left my home.I felt lonely.But the people there made me feel at home.When I got off the train,I lost my way to the hotel.But luckly,a taxi driver helped me to find it and helped me take the suitcase to my room.I felt so moved.First day,when I came to school ,many old students introduced every thing about school to us,they were very friendly.When my brithday arrived,my classmates would buy me a wonderful cake.If you had a problem,I can ask help for my classmates,they would help me solve it immediately.
In a word,helping each other makes our class like a family.So I can't imagine a world where no one is willing to help each other.As a good citizen,helping each other is also a duty to make our world warm.If every one enjoy helping others,the world may be full of love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fbd6f15f-8603-3f05-8804-809cf0b7744b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day, when I was running on the playground, a football hit me on the face. Then I felt extreme painful on my head, and I fell down with no feeling. When I opened my eyes again, I realized I was in the hospital. Knowing that It was a stranger that helped me and not left his name, I was moved deeply and I learned something important. If every one gives his love to others, the world we live in will become a happy family.
In society, we should care for others, be patient with others and get along with others. Then if you have the problem, the strangers will give you the help without hesitation.
On the contrary, if people are trapped in trouble, we only pretend to not see that. Even the weather is warm, our hearts will still feel very cold. And our society will be less energetic, then our life will not be existed.
So give your love to others, and you will receive the love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1319c5bf-890a-37b7-a899-1c06cfea5401> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are living in a society full of love and friendship, such a
wondful world where can we help each other in many ways in our daily lives.Not only dose helping drive people to happiness, it is also good for our society.
So I'm going to tell you a simple story in my life.When I was in my primary school,stupid guy as I was and somewhat geeky. I have a stubborn problem in studying math.In consequence of failing the math exams for several times.I lost my confidence in studying English,and I was also too shy to ask my classmates or my teacher.It was exactly the most terrible situation I had ever faced to.At last,my math teacher come to my rescue in time.He had a heart to heart talk with me and realized my delimma.He helped me out and shared my happiness and sorrow.Thanks to His love,I become optimstic and cought with others again.
In my point of view, it is necessary to have a helpful heart  in our daily life,and it is everyone's duty to help those who are caught in troubles.Love is like the wild rose-briar,friendship like the holly tree,and with love and friendship,our world will be more safe and meaningful.Without helping from others,how can we live our lives in the adventurous nights full of darkness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 053f76f8-42db-3f1b-883a-eda3f0b3f21e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Image a world without help,everyone only care about himself.How dark and helpless the world will become?
Here I'd like to tell you a true story of myself.
One day of my last summer vacation,I was swimming in a swimming pool.The water was cold that day.Besides I did not do enough exercise to let my body warm.Suddenly I felt my leg twitch heavily.It happened so rapdily that I couldn't do anything to prepare.What's more I was in deep area at that time.I felt helpless and painful so I shouted for help.A strong man passing by heard my voice and pulled me to the bank.I felt tired even couldn't breath after crawling on the bank.
The world is made up of people.If everyone stay alone and refuse to care about or help others,the society will not suitable for human to live.Helping each other can make the world more friengdly and more wonderful.Besides helping others will let you feel happy and honor.When you saw the other's smile for your help,you will know what I mean.Anyway helping eachother is a wonderful thing and it makes the world full of sunshine.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1c10ecec-1fcc-3d76-a150-85167bd17595> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In nowaday society, people becoming more and more frost. What we can see is only power and money. Where are help and care?
As myself, there are one thing always reminds me the feel of being helped. Long time ago, when I just arrived a unknown city for the first time .I lost my wallet. I couldn't more worried. but I met one warm-heart person who help me found police and lend me some money. Up to now, I haven't met him again. Although I don't know his name, the warm he give surrounding  me at all times.
In my opinion, we should help each others as possible as we can. It maybe  have no money for us, but we can get the satisfy and substantiate. If none of us help others , the world will finally tend to perdition.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9e136369-165a-3c81-9172-2b7e425f2f00> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in junior high school, my school is far away from the downtown. If it isn't the leaving school time, you can't see any car in my school.
Once when I was listenning classes, there is sharp pain in my stomach, I nearly bursted into tears. I went to my teacher's office to ask for leave. But when I got to the gate of my school I found there is no cars. I was so disappointed. At that time, I hear one of my classmates speak to me. He knew I can't took any car so he asked for leave to ride his bicycle to carry me. I was very moved.
After this thing, I thought everyone would meet trouble, so we should help others when you see someone need help. Only to do like this you can get help when you are in trouble. If we don't help each other, the society will be cold and detached, everyone will easily feel lonely, and the economic and science won't develop. The world will be dangerous and uncolorful.
After all, we are human beings, helping each other is the basic. Only in this way, our world will become better and better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 585e8af9-6c87-39ce-a54f-f777b15477aa> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are living in the same world and everyone should help each other in all the ways.Not only does helping good for people,it is also good for our society.
I always remember that day when I was in senior school.It is a very hot afternoon，I was playing basketball with my friends.Then，an accident happened，My left hand was hitted by other's leg，and my hand seemed very serious.I was painful and my face was to be in a bath of sweat.My best friend carried me on a back and walked along way to the infirmary.He seemed very tired because of the hard job，but he did not have any rest and watch me carefully.After I feel better，I looked at him and he gave me a big smile and told me that everything would all right and he told me many ways that can make my hand recover as quickly as possible.I was touched by his warm heart and I said ‘Thanks’from the bottom of my heart.
Helping each other does good for people in many ways.Maybe some behaviors that were not worth mentioning can make ohers feel good the whole day.They will also be in a wonderful mood and help ohers who needs help.On the other hand，helping each oher also can hlep the progress of our society.
If we do not help any people，the world will be in a mess.The road will be dirty and everyone will live in a cold environment,no smile，no laugh.The world will become more and more terrible.The world will go to the end.
So，why not give our hand to others who in need，I believe our society will be in harmony and the world will be wonderful and nice.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 978a42df-f632-3dfa-b767-4c085f6c0bd0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last term, after the final examination, on the way to Beijing West Station, I was imagining the following beautiful life after I got home. I was so excited that I didn’t care about where I was and the persons around me. I sank into my amazing imagining. Thus, I wanted to take out of my train ticket for the releasing of  my uncontrolled emotion, and then kissed it. So, I searched my pocket. But after a long time, I didn’t find my ticket,	I got anxiety. I told my friends about this, and then they asked me whether I put it in my bag. Nothing, nothing I could figure out in my bag. “Where the hell it is? ” , I asked myself. Just at that time, I suddenly heard someone calling my name. I turned my head. It was a boy with golden hair, whose hand took my ticket. Thank goodness, the ticket was printed my name, and this warmhearted foreigner returned it to me.
People should help each like this. Maybe to you, it is just such a small thing, but to others, it may save his life. It is hard to imagine that without such kind helping, what the world will be.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d8b72652-2c6a-3b06-94f1-3ce9a0a75172> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
“Help others, and you will feel happy.” I always listened this gnomish, but I’ve never experienced, until that day.
When I was a senior 3 student, which is filled with endless homework, I felt so bad about the press. Gradually, I was almost mad. Then, someday I can’t remember clearly, a girl detected my problem and came to me, and we have a heart-to-heart talk about our senior life. She comforted me over and over again, and told me “When we grow up, we must face something we don’t interest in the least, but we have to face it and get through it.” Yes, I must do it and I can make it. Since then, I became more and more confident, and my life changed to be happier.
In our life, we need to help others, and of course sometime we need others’ help. If there’s no help in the world, what the society will be?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 642b9f50-a2c5-37dd-bb40-b6a077f69e4a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping others is people's character, everyone need other's help and also should help others.
For example, one day when I was walking down the street, a car unexpected dashed out from the comer. With no notice I was still walking. Luckily a passerby urged me to stop. And told me watch out next time. Its do scared me. But also let me know that how important the help from others.
how lucky we are, lived with each other. Parents .friends. Teachers. Classmates and strangers. Anyone whatever we know or not we should help them ,and care about them, so that we can live a happy life .as the saying going " helping others is help yourself ", so let others feel your kindness. Finally you can find that you get more than you have given.
It is so bad if we refuse to help others, our society will be a cold place. no warm .no kindness. In that society we will feel sick, finally lost our character.
So, open your hands and give them to someone need help, it's your kind can warm the whole world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0db9b5bd-3925-3c44-81b0-709b3b22cd8c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Here is the story happened in recent days,time wheel go back to that day.It was night-time,I was studying by myself at the classroom,with headphone in my ears,listening music.Maybe I was so concentrate on the homework which is so hard for me,I forgot the time until the guard asked me i should leave or i wound be locked in the building.
I found it was heavy rain outside when I walk out the building.How gloomy,raining,disappointing it is!And I was standing there without an umbrella,dull.But fortunately,I looked around and suddenly found that there standing a another good guy who brought a "bulletproof vest" with him,I thought I must be a lucky dog but not a chicken in the soup that moment,he seems to look through my heart."Go back to dorm together?"he asked me."Of course yes!"I answered.So we went to the dorm with only one umbrella upon us and both of us were half wet.
Thanks to that good man,we hadn't know each other but he helped me by willing.Thanks to the world where there fulled of love.We are all live in the same world,what we do to others decides what the world will be defineded and what others will do the same to us.We'd better do our best to blend in with other people we meet,and then the world will be a colorful world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d0ed55b9-8718-3548-8ac4-b902ebbf886e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As the saying goes,"Rose presented,smell remained."
When it comes to helping each other, I will always think of what happened to me when I was young. The weather is not so fine on that day. On the way home, a man with a motorbike rushed to me. Afraid and shocked,he fled away. My leg was injured.It's the strangers who just passed by sent me to the hospital.so that I can keep my leg.I really appreciate it for their kindness and help.
We all live in the world. There is a strong band between you and me. people should take care of each other , help each other. Not only does helping good for the people who live around us,it is also good for our society.It will make a good atomosphere.
It is hard to imagine lacking in help,what the society will be.No one could survive without other's help. lack of help, people just do the things for theselves.They don't care about others. They just want to gain the help without offering their help.  Not realizing the happiness of help, people will become selfish.Even worse,they can't feel others, the society will not exist.
Helping each other ,make a better world. It is of great importance to help each other. Come and join us, offer your hands.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 82309a8c-078c-383e-96e4-39406dbc8d8d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As is us all known,anyone who live on the world can't live alone.We all need others' help from these and those parts.
And there is no suspect that I ever got help from others.I should say all of us ever lost money even none left.So we can't take bus and must walk home. But there is someone who is kind and pay the bill for bus fee for me.And surely I can go home without walking.thanks for his help and warm-hearted,and I assure there are kindness in the world.
From this thing,I think and I know we should help each other as possible as we can and everyone have the time we need others.
At the same time,how can you imagine our society would be without helping ang caring between mankind and mankind.there is no suspect that it's awful.Everyone only concerning their own things and profits.The society would be cold as ice.The relationships between man and man would be full of the smell of money.Do you want to live these people? So help each other as possible as we can.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 37487149-6233-3c74-986e-70190a920974> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember my Englsh teacher in my middle school.It was she that helped me to get through the hardest time at the beginninig of English study.In fact ,I had never studyed English before my entering the middle school.So,it was extreamly hard for me to keep up with my classmates for they had learned English two or three years longer than me .Poor pronounciation ,broken sentences and urgly handwriting ,I was surrouded with classmates' laughing.Fortunately ,my English teacher knew bout my case.She asked me into her office and had a long heart to heart conversation with me.Later ,she offered to spare time to teach me .I coulden't acknowledge her more.With her help ,I gathered a lot of courage,and made great progress. In the end ,I even became the top student in English.
Well,there is no doulbt that we should care about and help each other in our life.Only then will we all have a happy and warm journey.After all ,we will remember the one who had once come to our rescue when we were faced with difficulty.
On the other hand,if there is a lack of caring in our sociaty
can we imagine our world?No warmth!we all care bout ourselves ,we become selfish.we will not live with the sense of sfety let alone hppiness.So cherish every chance to care and help the people around you.where there is love ,there is happiness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c98f0a15-709e-312c-a133-6e818edd3de5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is an important thing for us in our daily life.
there has an example that other help me when I need, once in an exam at the high school, I forget to bring the pencil which used to paint the form， so I was very nervous for it, thanks for god, a girl lend one of her pencils to me so I can finished the exam.
meybe help one person is just a smal thing for you ,but it means much for hte man that you helped. I think people should help each other with kindness, if everyone goes to warm others by heart,the society would be warmer, if not so, the society will be colder and colder day by day. Kindness is one of the traditional virtues of the China, we should keep the virtue forever.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 63a1e296-90e7-3122-8e68-f17388238ad2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Living in the society, we can’t steer clear of difficulties. However, we are fortunate enough to be helped by others immediately whenever we need help.
When it comes to difficulties, I have a lot of to say. In retrospect, when it was the first time I came to Beijing, I am not aware of how to take the subway. Surrounded by strangers, I was so sad that I didn’t know what to do. Confronted with this situation, I try my best to turn help to others, so I asked a lady about how to take the subway. Beyond my imagination, she not only taught me how to buy a ticket, but also tell me the line to my destination. It was so thankful that I can’t find a word to describe my feeling. It is her help that let me feel that the future is bright, I do believe that no matter what difficulties I meet, there will be people help me,.
We live in the Earth together, so we ought to help each other. Can you imagine a world without help? In my view, it will be a cold society, everyone live in his owe world. In addition, there won’t be laughers, friendships and many other things. The last but not the least, I do believe everyone will be died of lonely or difficulties.
In my opinion, helping others not only can help others solve their problems but also can add to our social vaules. We had better help each other, only in this way, can we make our society a warm and wonderful world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0d09358c-a58a-34b2-88d8-fc1a4851b092> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
To be honest,I donot want to be helped by others,even I'm always ready to help others.But I have to say,every one need
help,every one is in the world of others.Now I'd like to enjoy a story with you.
It happened long ago,that is in my middle school.I can't forget it even now.When I know that I'm admitted in a amiddle school I'm beyond happy. But I can't just get on well with my new friends.I can't involve myself in study,I can't deal with
my own things.I'm always alone,I just don't know how to accompany others.Then a friends helped me.He is just as shy as me.
He is always loney,too.So it is easy for us to be good friends.Finally we helped each other.We made many friends.And we can
spend our time on our study.I have to say,since then everything changed better.Every time I think about it ,I would say thanks my friend,are you all right.I don't know what  I will be without him.But thank god he is just there ,helping me.
Why we are called men?Why we can live today's life?How can we live without others help?Man,we live to help others,and we
helps others to live.
I don't know what world will be if we don't help others.I just don't want to know.I believe even in the most dangerous years there are still many people help others.I believe men can't forget the love in their soul for others.I don't believe
the last day will come.Are you ready to help others?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 61628e8b-1733-36df-9b69-7ae04736f499> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We live in the society, everyday we have to meet a variety of people. Everybody would be in trouble, but if we help each other, we can figure out many of the trouble.
When I first come to the university. I feel lonely and a little afraid .Fortunately, my classmate come to help me. They talk with me and call me to join them. We eating together, shopping together, and go to play basketball together. So soon I become comfortable with the new surroundings. And I become confident as before. I really appreciate my classmates who help me so much.
From this experiment I realized the importance to help each other. It’s our duty to help others. If we can, we should try our best to give a hand. The care is mutual, so if we help each other ,we can also get the help from others, and the world will be more nice.
On the other hand,if all of us are so selfish, nobody would like to offer their assist, I can’t imagine what the world would be like. So let's help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ac593112-a9e9-3b86-93ba-56f982d1b890> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I went to the university for the first time,I had an unforgotten experience about someone's help.That day,I went alone to hand in individual data and resume,of course,I should hand in tuition fee to school,but I forgot it!I didn't carry enough money and my father wasn't here!I didn't know how to deal with it.If I borrowed some money from a strange person,could I succeed?Impossible!But there was not other ways.I asked one student in front of me,and assured that I must give him money tomorrow.Several minutes passed,I thought it failed,but,he said yes!I felt warm in my heart,and I learnt I should help others like that student.
After that,I often think about help,and it's meaning.We should help and care everyone in our life.If people help each other,we can solve many problems and improve our feeling of welfare.If you help others,maybe not important for you in the least,it is critical to other people,even in his life.The student who helped me,he didn't care about money,he didn't hesitate.So,there are many good people in our society.
If we refuse help,people will become selfish and hardhearted,we wont be happy and warm,there is only sadness and dark in our society.It will become a helpless society and not make process!
In a word,let's help each other and make our society more beautiful!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1a02c7fa-9cd6-341f-a950-6828a9ff073f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I have been on a special diet this semester.I was desperatly struggeling with various terrible aftermathes at the beginning,weakness,being easily put off in class,so on and so on.Eventually,one evening,on the way back,I fell down and got badly injured .Painful as I was,I was weak so muth so that I lose consciousness for a short while.Fortunately,I was blessed with two angels ,two passers-by,who offered to see me to the dormitory.I really appriciated them.So the other day,in reward,I send them some fruits.
It's critical in a society that people help each other and care for each other.As for my point of view,moral care is far beyond the regulations and restictions in a community.If all the relationships were finely maintained only with rules,then above suspicion,there is no way for anyone to live a fufilling life without those comforts,love,and care.All end in being trapped in predicament and trouble.We live in a world bursting with inhospitality and suspicions.Then perssimism becomes the mainstream melody.
More help,more care,make the world a better look,create a society
in harmony.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 348a1a84-1f56-3b9a-94d3-3d8acc65bf81> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I like the words “the value of a man resides in what he gives and not in what he is capable of receiving.” Said by Albert Einstein.
When I was a little boy, I did not the mean of the words until my junior school which give me a lesson of the life.
At that time, I was the person whose study is good but a little selfish. I disliked helping others because I think it is bother and I can make everything ok.
But the things was not going on as I thought, I was in trouble of my English study , I was frightened and helpless, I want someone can give me a hand. Then I see no one can make everything ok without others. But not everyone like me ,the classmates helped me out of the trouble of English study and give me self-confidence.
Then I changed, “the value of a man resides in what he gives and not in what he is capable of receiving.” It is my guide line.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ef225ec9-8903-33b1-aa31-ff9664d3b6ef> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Every one may have been in trouble, but when we are in that case ,what first come into our mind? The answer is some one who can be your side. For example, one time I lost my way in a unacquainted town, it’s hard for a 10-year-old girl to find the right way. Just then, a kind madam came to me and took me to the nearest police station. I thanked to her for a long time, and she  smiled and got away. What a big help!
As it shows, the society is not that dark, and I always hold the benefit that goodness of course overcomes crime. So with such a beautiful environment, we ought to help and care more about each other. If every one tried to establish a better society, a better future can not be a problem, don’t you think so?
On the other side, what would happen if we lack care and concern? As we can see, first we may not experience any happiness or sorrow, because we no longer care about it. Then, love, the most vital thing in the word can be lost, that is, we have no difference from animals. Maybe it seems a little exaggerating, but we really need to realize the bad result of it. And furthermore, without help, every one will feel lonely and unwilling to contact to each other. How can we image it!
In a word, let’s come to each other’s assist, and the word may come into a united and excellent home.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7acae3f4-8946-3ae1-9438-65e843e1f262> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As time goes by, our society has becoming increasingly modern and advance. . However, the communication between people seems to be reduced. For the sake of changing this situation as well as making our society a more harmonious one, we need to be more friendly and kind to others. The important way to achieving the goal is helping each other.
When you were in great troubles, when you were helpless, when you were lose in a strange place, when you were hurt and needed to be comfort, would you like some one to help you? Would you turn to some one for help? You must say “yes, I do”. Then, why not help others when they were in the same situation as you were?
Helping each other is not only a good manner which can reflect one’s culture, but also a traditional virtue of our ancestors. If you help somebody someday, maybe another day, the one you had helped would repay you in some other ways.
Just as an old saying goes, “life is like a mirror, it will respond you a smile when you smile to it.” A kind heart must be rewarded with happiness. So try your best to helping others. Only by doing that can we live a valuable life and get along well with others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f44a970e-018c-34cf-9034-f9de2a21ed29> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once when I was in trouble,one of my friends came to my rescue.I was so relieved then when he cheered me on .He gived rise to my confidence in life and I started to struggle on my feet and face the music bravely.
But as society is booming at an incredible pace,the relationship among people has been inferior to the materials and fortune.But we shouldn’t be blind to this.Instead,it’s essential to build our new sense of value.We should help each other without hesitation when he or she is in trouble.What’s more,try to care for their emotions in the course of helping them get out of the dilemma.
I can’t imagine what society will be like if we just mind ourselves.But I know it will be a cold world where humans won’t be used to living.So let’s make our world a warm family together.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 59bdfb9d-f37d-348d-b309-2453d8813899> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We are living in a society， not alone。Anyone may be caught in difficulties at times.When others are in troubles，we should not be blind to this，instead , offering a hand is always needed.
I’ll never forget the person who ever helped me.
One day ，when I a was waiting for a bus to home。Suddenly I found my wallet was nowhere to found，I was so worried，for it was the last busAt this moment ，a lady gave me 1yuan，and said“don't miss the last bus”.I was so moved.
Since then，whenever I see others are in trouble，I’ll always offer my hands。
However ，in our daily life ，some people are only care what they want and always  ignore others.But in my opinion ，I can not image what our society will be without help and care.It may be cold，and we even can’t live.
So let’s help others and make society more warm.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c3c0e653-79ca-386d-b017-73d9d6415218> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Living in this society,we must be disturbed by everything surround us.
One day,when i go home lonely,a dog stay in my furthur,at that time,i'm scared...  suddently,the dog ran towards me. then,i'm ran too.
i try my best to call "help" loudly and look arround to find someone who can lend me a hand.but no one. when i feel too tired to ran any one step,the dog barking dreadly.i thought i would be died.but,long time has gone.the dog didn't come, i opean my eyes to see around and found a warmharted man,it was he who drive the dog off.he saved me.
Now,i'm also retrospect the thing and think a lot,i can't imagine what will be happend if there no ome or the people didn't care the things.
We can do something small but usefull,like help the older across the road,help the young get away from dangerous and so on.i bet the society will be more buttiful if we do this as we think.
Why don't we do?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6d83c907-db5c-3547-a0bd-8e8e8b3a1498> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When someone gets in trouble ,they usually would like others to help them ,but in the society,human do not give hand to strangers.I know,we areselfless in some way .
At the beginning of my university ,igot help from people,who I don’t know the name of his .At the first day,iwent to Beijing ,what I brought are many package .I wanted someone to help me,at the same time.a boy walkd to me,and help me to carry the things. I felt so happy.thanks to the man,The thing makes me believe there are good people in the world.Sometimes,we feel it is boring to help others ,and west times,but you givea hand ,maybe many things will  be simple.
Please help others when they meet difficulties,the more you do,the more you get.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f95f7fbf-dcb4-374e-87a4-d3fab4b5e266> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
“ May I help you?” If you meet troubles and you can’t make through it, I think you will be happy when you hear this one! Helping people is a beautiful character.
One time, I had troubles in my study. My grade was felled. My parents and teachers were also worried about it. You maybe can understand my mood , which was serious. I was in despair .what’s worse, I couldn’t find anyone to help me. After a short time , I heard someone said:“ May I help you ?” I Look up to him, you never guess him, who is the top student in my class. Thanks for his help , my study had improve.
We know that our world need love, help each other will make our world filled with love. So when you meet someone has troubles, I hope you can give your hand to help him defeat it. Helping other people ,it not only help people make through difficult, but also can give you a good mood.
It’s hard to image that our world lack help. If we lack help , everyone do something by himself, I think it’s bad. And the world will be apartness. So we need help.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID dd14f1a2-be5c-3a6d-b8cb-0e17518d2d28> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all know,human being are social animals,for the reason of which helping each other and caring for each other is essential in our daily life.
The experience that once a stranger helped me out of trouble still impresses me deeply. The rain was pouring that afternoon when i go back home with a lot of books in my hand. Unfortunately, I did't take an umbrella and got caught in the rain.To avoid being all wet,i made the decision to run back home. What is more unlucky is that my books droppped down to the ground. whlie i was running. When I felt nothing but hepless, a boy came to me and help me pick up those wet books. After that, he shared his umbrella with me and sent me home. I was really grateful for his giving a favor although he did’t know me.
It’s hard to imagine that what the world will be like if we don’t care others. There would be no happiness and everyone would be cold .It’s love that makes our heart warm. So ,take your love and care for each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4e1faf34-6649-3f82-aa18-d9127bfdb6cf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Help others, help yourself. In the world, we can not avoid meeting difficult as a human and we can not solve all of them by ourselves. So sometimes we need to help each other.
In terms of my daily life, I often accept others’ help. For example, when I am hungry, I will ask my roommate to buy some food for me when he comes back from classroom.
Of course, it is just one little thing. But, what I want to say is that our society needs kind people and we should help each other and take care of each other. So the world will evolve to a harmonious society.
If everybody just do their own things and never care others, our society may become an icy world.
So, in order to avoid this case, we should learn how to help others and have a kind heart.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ec495069-956c-30c2-a0f5-12618e02b57b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone has limited power to deal with programs in your life, so, we can not avoid difficulty as a human! One is limited, but when we gather, the power will be great enough to defeat anything!
In the daily life of me, as a student, problems come out everyday in my study, sometimes, I got not plenty power to solve it, so I’ll call my roommate to learn it together, nearly every time we will gain a pleasant result and settle the problem! And things are the same when the same ting happened to him! It seems that our corporation is powerful!
In my opinion, we human beings should help and care for each other at no return and at any time. The world is consist of varieties people, and if everybody live in his or her own space without connecting with others, how long can he or she survive? Without helping each other, not only our own problems, but also all public great issues will be left undone, then how can our whole society and the whole civilization make progress? How can we create a harmonious world that we all look forward?
Helping each other is also helping ourselves. To create a beautiful world, the key is in our hand!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d2ae15d4-97e3-3b5f-8212-1a16a0577fa6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As a person, we usually need other’s help. There is no one who can through his life just by himself. When we meet some big difficulities, we often should ask some one else for help. So in my opinion, we should often help others, care for others.
Just a few days ago, I have a toothache. It is so serious that I can not even say a word.. Well, when I feel I can not stand it any more. My best friend come out and help me to go to the hospital. How grateful I was. When I spend my worst time, It is him that help me get over it. which I will appreciate forever. So you can see, when we are in trouble, how important it is for us to receive help from others. So we really should help others and care for others.
Can you imagine a society without help? If there is no help in our life, how terrible our life will be. Everyone will be so lonely, and life will not be happiness. What a terrible life it is. From now on, let’s help each other. In this way, I believe life will be wonderful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c42c31f3-52cf-3c13-9ce1-96d93f3c3966> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Nobody can live alone. When someone is suck in troubles, the others can
help others.
I remember, in a P.E. test, we had 1500-meter running test. In that test, I did my best to get a good grade. So I ran and ran with no spare. Maybe I filled all my energy into the final 100-meter hurry. Finally I couldn't even stand. One of my friend, Allen, took me to the dormitory. Then he took me the dinner.
People should surely help each other, sometimes even without any reasons. I remember a sentence in my testbook that is when someone is in trouble and you have the abilities, why not give your hand to him?
I can't imagine a society without care, warm-heart and help. In such a society, everyone is selfish who never know what is love, and the happiness indeed. Can you stand such a world?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cc13c087-dd2d-34ca-8152-a4310707e0af> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I remember I was sick and I couldn’t get up from the bed at school in a winter night and my roommates were out. When I felt thirsty, I found
there was no water in my bottle. But I was exhausted. Full of
frustration, I saw a list on my desk. It read:” I had already got the
water for you. I knew you are uncomfortable. Have a rest." It was from
my roommates. I felt cozy and touched.
Everyone needs help. We are living a society where people help each
other. Nobody can survive without the other's help. We accept the helps  from others, and we also help others. Helping others makes the society we are living better and more beautiful.
If the world lacked of help and love, it will be filled with darker
and cold.
Helping others not only for me, but also for everybody if we want to
live a better life.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 56576784-11d3-3d82-ac28-443999189c48> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping others makes the world more beautiful.when someone gets stuck in trouble,we are suppose to lend a helping hand.I will never forget the sense that I was helped.
Last Sunday evening,I was studying at the classroom.when I want to return  dormitory,I found it rainy heavily.What's worse,I didn't carry the umbrella.The only choose was to run to the dorm.At that moment,my roommate appearred with an umbrella in his hand. I was woo moved to say a word.
His behavior warmed me.In my opinion, helping others makes people more intimate.Maybe a small action can save a people from the edge of danger. As a person in society,it is our duty to help others.If everyone doesn't care for others,the world will be offish.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d395358e-feb4-3be9-b690-87da07641e43> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I will never forget my experience of receiving help from my classmate when I was in primary school. On that day, I went home from school with my schoolbag left on the play ground. When I noticed that, I hurried back to school but I can't find my bag. When I went back disappointedly, I was surprised that one of my classmate was waiting for me outside with my schoolbag in his hand.
It may be a simple incident, but it reflected the willing to help of a person.It should be highly promoted that we help and care about each other. Selfishless help and sincere appreciation will surely close the gap between each of us. On the contrary, a society without mutual concern and appreciation would be cold and dull, nothing more than the hell.
Therefore, all of us should open our mind to offer help and express appreciation as well. Only in that way, can we create a warm and harmony society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2f0482f3-c946-33c1-85f6-5c062d2c52c3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There have been many people helping me in my memory, such as friends making me understand a math notion, making me laugh when I was unhappy. Now I will tell you something that happened recently. Few weeks ago, I have to rent a classroom for an activity. However the teacher who arranges this thing is absence. It’s time to having a class. Just when I had a wolf by the ears, my friend helped me. She spends the whole afternoon finding the teacher and did nothing else. I knew she would have a test the next day, but she never complained.
I can’t image what will happen if people don’t help each other any more. This is a basis principle in my mind to help each other. It will be terrible and people will finished nothing if it really happen. So we should help others actively.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a4e6688f-d2d1-39e2-9ce1-5ac9d9915be9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once a time, I had a holiday. I was waiting at the school gate for my mother anxiously for a long time. I was only 12 years old in middle school. It was my first time to leave home to learn at a boarding school. So it is no wonder why I was so scared. My entire attempt to find my mother was in vain. My mother couldn’t receive my telephone call. As you expect, I cried sadly and loudly. Then a man who was also the parent of the student came to comfort me. He said:” don’t worry. Your mother must on the way to school. That’s why she can’t answer your call.” What’ more, he stopped with his child to talk with me. He didn’t leave until my mother came. I’m so moved.
So I think we should help each other and take care of each other. We all live in the same world. And there are no bodies who don’t want to be cared. What if we make no sense of others? I can say the life is very hard. When we are in a new place, we can’t find the way to the right place. In addition, there isn’t anyone want to help us. We must feel lonely,can't we?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1a361645-b730-3757-833a-baa2749fcf64> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once a time, my parents and I go out but our car’s oil was ran out of suddenly in the freeway. All of us was worried because the free way only had a few people and it was in dusk. When we worried, a stranger found us and helped us to pull our car into the nearest gas station with his friends. What’s more, we do it for nearly one hours.
From this experience, I learned that we should help each other if others are in trouble. Helping each other not only means you can help other to deal out this problem, but also you can get friendship and maybe when you are in trouble next time, others may help you. So in my opinion, everybody in the society should help and concerned each other as possible as they can.
On the other hand , let us think about if our society lack of helping and concerned, what would it become? Firstly, people and people will be strange, friendship will be lack. What’s worse, no body will help others no matter what they are suffered., it also means no people will help you if you incur dangerous.
All in above, it’s necessary to help each other in our society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e77de0a4-1ad4-374a-adcd-e8a9aefb2c7f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In retrospect to the past, there are many people who have helped me. But for the most unforgettable, I think it’s when I firstly came to university. In a daily football train, I run toward to one teammate who got the ball, then I was bumped and my arm was hurt. In the evening, my roommates companied me to the hospital. On the way , they chatted with me to let me forget the hurt and soon we got to the hospital.
After that I think we should care each other even though we are unknown to each other.
But how is the society now?
There was one person who got hurt lying on the road and no one got to help him though many people passed by. Is this our city? I don’t think so. I can’t image what our city will be if there is no care between each other.
We are the host of the society , we have the duty to let our society become more peace .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fecf61c7-0078-38f4-b75f-f17fb9b100d7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was really a bad day! It rained the day before, so the playground was slippery and wet. What’s more, the shoes I worn were not skid proof at the least. So, the tragedy occurred. It was not difficult to think of that I slipped.
With wet clothes, I must be ill. So, I had to go back home and had a change. It was very kind of my deskmate that she companied with me all the time. Though I felt ashamed, It was also let me happy for not being alone.
In my opinion, we should be prepared to help each other.  If we do so, we will have a high spirit all the day because we do our best to make the world more beautiful.
If every one only cares about himself, there won’t be friendship. We won’t make friends by heart. It is so strange of the world. It is disappointed.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 47a79c2a-2a21-34c5-9694-3afc7ccf1565> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a high school student, I was a little careless. It was a sunny afternoon, when I was playing basketball at the playground. We were all having fun that time. Suddenly I fell to the ground which caused my serious hurt on my arm. I was pained to death. I was lucky that my classmates took me to the hospital. My right arm was fractured. Without my friends, maybe I would suffer more.
We are not alone. We are all together. So it’s everybody’s duty to help others. Maybe once you do a favor to others, you will get help another time. So it’s really important to care about others!
If there is no one want to help others. What the community will be like? I can’t imagine. Everyone wants to do his own things, and just care about nobody. Whenever you have a trouble you have to make it yourself, even if you can’t. There is no love and there is no warmth.
So it’s time to help others. No matter he or she is you friend or not, just do him a favor.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c8677147-d03f-3527-a7ce-313a02f11b4d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone may be stuck in a condition of difficulty, and in this condition, almost all of us would desire for other’s help.
Once in my high school life, I had a fever while having class. I felt so unwell and I couldn’t keep on having class. My friends told the teacher, ran for ten minutes and finally found a taxi for me and sent me back home.
In that incident, I learn that it is important to help others when they are in trouble, since people in trouble always feel week and helpless, your help means much more than you can imagine.
Without helping each other, our school life would just be filled with competitions, our society would be unharmonious. So, it is important to help others in trouble and make our relationship with others better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d0b1d4d3-da85-35c4-93fa-b8ebe9e2d19e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Five years ago, when I was in junior high school, I got virus flu. The illness was so severe that I had to take a rest at home. As a result of it, I missed more than three weeks of classes. Unfortunately，on that last Monday we would have the final-exam. I forget what I felt at the time when I was back to school weakly and heard that news, I just remember the exam was brought forward several days, which made me nervous. At that time, my deskmate gave a hand to me, he lend his notebook to me and help me on my missing class. In the end, I got a good mark.
As far as I’m concerned, we should give a hand to people who are in trouble, and care about others more in life. I can not image what the society would be if we are all cold to others. Without love, the society will become what?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e5d93164-6e58-3ef4-9d9f-66a887d6149a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
3 days before, I got my parttime job which is hand out fliers. there were too many fliers I had to hand out. Maybe I can not achieve this job by myself on that day. So I felt anxious set. At this time, my good friend helped me. We hand out fliers together and do it quickly.
After this thing,I think that help each other is really important for us. We should learn how to help and care about each other. This can make us happness while we are in trouble.Without good relationship to others,we must feel lonely and sad.It is a way that let us enjor a better life.We had to do this.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 69f7d409-85bf-3556-a7fa-28db29b2b506> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Can you imagine the world without other people's help,the world people only care themselves? Surely,it would be heartless ,cold and miserable.It's the warmth of other people give us that make the world colourful.
As far as I'm concerned,I have been helped by many strangers.Memorys flooding back to the start of last term,I went to our school.At the first night, I decided to go to the nearby supermarket to buy some little goods.But on the bus back to school,I found myself lost.Because I found the fast-3 bus has two directions.Luckily, some other students in BUPT helped me and took me to my dormitory.I don't know how could I go back to school without their help.
I always hold the opinion that no success can be achieved without other people's help. What's people differs from animals is People's helping each other and the warmth of sympathy.Only when we stand together and help each other can we creat a new era of peace.But for helping each other,the world would be in the cruel War III,many people would would die for sympathy and diseases and the world world be in continual darkness.So let us hand in hand with an sympathetic mind.Help each other,help ourselves.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8fcbcb2d-9774-39cc-b517-bbc70a89ed0e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
During my middle school age,once time,i fogot to take the book of history,i'm shy so that i coulden't go out to borrow it from ohter class.Suddenly,my friend Owen came out and helped me to get abook after he know what i was worring about.
In our daily life,wo can not succesed to aviod every porblem,in that time ,we should care about each other,and do our best to give them a hand.If all of us can made it to help the peaplo who is undering porblem,the whole human being will become a unity "giant".
In the ohter hand,if no one wang to give thier hand to the others,the soicty will soon break down,the human will just like the sand underimg the blowing wind.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4576667f-63ae-326c-84b6-179f4001d579> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I would like to help people when they need it because when three years ago I got the help from my teacher. In that time, I felt sad for I do poorly in my study. In the class, I couldn’t understand what teacher said, moreover I didn’t know how to work out my homework. One day, my teacher wanted talk with me after class, I was so scared. But in the conversation, my teacher was so patience to ask me what puzzle I met. After that day, my teacher helped me to picked up the knowledge we learned before, what’s more, she told me what is difficult would be learned in the next class. After few days, I followed my classmates.
As far as I think, folks should care for each other, and help each other. If we are short of help and regard in our daily life, the world will become hell. People would become angry and worried.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6475d1ac-cf33-3222-9505-b92dad6fc328> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I'm a lively boy who always want something new.So sometimes I get a place I"d never known befor.But one time the load is not so straight.
This time my derection is my parents' workplace in someplace of Tianjin.To get here,I must have a 5-hour travel,but something just happen there.At first,I got all the places as I planed last night.Then I got the last station to find the last bus to get the place.But there seemed having no the bus I wanted;and the station didn't  look like itself which my parents told me.I get away form the station to make sure if the bus was someplace away here.The end was I can't find the way,and the ways were everywhere.Oh,no...What I did next was asking someone near to me.But my bus is to a remote place,and there were few man who knew it.Even my parents could not find out where I was.We were all a litter nervious.Just this time,a car stoped near me,and ask my situation.I was surprised to find our derectionis the same.HaHa...

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b6e15623-615e-3428-81ca-7f2ac306d936> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In modern society,helping is a very important character.
last sunday,I was in HongKong in my holiday.I was lost in a street where I could not went back to my hotel.And I asked to a old woman,to my surprise,she was very enthusiasiedto me and told me the route to my hotel and leaded me for a short while.
Helping each other makes the world wonderful.We are living in a society where people help each otherin many ways.Helping others in hard makes the world more beautiful.
If there is not enough love in the society,I don't dare to think what the world would be.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 51251640-7d55-36bf-80b9-0c347d3fc103> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Aged eight,I was only a primary school student at that time.One day,I walked back to my home after school as usual.It was about 5 o'clock in the afternoon,the sky was a little dark at that time.I walked alone in the street,for I was on duty that day and my friends were step ahead.I was playing with a dog in a garden of my community when suddenly I found a strange man followed me.I was so scared that I wasn't brave enough to go home.Just then I noticed an neighbor and turned to her for help.Companied by her,I went home in safe.She save d my life,I was too grateful to say a word.Insteaded, i was crying for a long time.
In my opinion,it is important for us to help each other.The saying goes that "the rose in her hands,the flavor in mine."Our life will be more beautiful by helping each other.
On the contrary,if we don't share our love with each,we can't get the happy at same time.Only when someone is helping others,is he beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 280cc3de-a7be-34b1-b11f-36c053a0db05> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We always help others and they also do the same when living in the world. I’d like to share one of my experiences. Onetime, there was coming a phone call when I was climbing the mountain, one man called me to take my express, but I was not in school, so I asked for my friend, luckily, she said she can get it, it was really a big help, or else I had to let the postman back with my express, and took it myself when I was in the school. That was my experience, it’s not a big thing, but I am still feel happy and appreciate to my friend to take my express. Living in the society, people should help and care for each other. Although each of us is a single one, but we live in the group, we are not “one person” anymore, therefore, we should help others, and the society will be in harmony. If we don’t do that, our living circumstance will be full of cold and selfish, it’s awful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bbdb86c2-d702-37ed-b3bd-2ac67cf4653f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day, when I was anxiously looking for a right bus to my destination, an old man with purely white hair came up to me, leading me to the right bus station, which brought entire delight to me.
Help others who is in need should become a habit. To begin with, usually several words or actions mean a great deal. For instance, when classmates meet with some problem you have just solved, telling them in a few words will avoid them spending a large amount of time dealing with it. Besides, if helping become a trend, you are likely to receive a timely hand. With knowledge exchanged, every one becomes more efficient. Last but not least, help would make not only receiver but provider feel pure delight.
I cannot imagine a world without helping and mutual concern, in which every one just pursuit their own interests. That would make the world enclosed with entire dark.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f74485cd-96d5-36c6-87e2-185f646b4ba1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is one of the traditional characteristics in China. If someone needs my help, I’m very glad to give my hand in that I ever had such helpless feeling once time.
I remember when I was an eight-year old boy; I went to a market with my mom. That was a really hot day. So I leave my mom to buy an ice cream when I saw a stall. I bought a pure-milk ice cream with strawberry jam which gave me such deep impression. Unfortunately, once I went back and found my mom, I couldn’t find her anywhere. Helplessly, I began to cry. The sun thawed my ice cream. At that time, some stringers came to me and asked whether I couldn’t find my mom. I deed I didn’t say any words because of my fear. I just been brought to the police station by an old woman. Fortunately, my mom was there. I can’t remember what happened next time. Maybe my mom punished me. But I know one thing that I don’t like the helpless-feeling.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID eb1817c2-c228-3926-b5d0-fee2fd537e25> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I still remember what happened that day. That day I was so careless, that when the class was over, I got out of the classroom without taking my phone and Mp3, the time was 4:30 p.m. It was when I had my dinner at 6:30 that I realised my phone and mp3 had aready missing, since there were many important messege in my phone and mp3 that I was very antious, what was worse that I didn't remember where I lost my thing. But when I was so sad, one of my friend told me that someone had already found my missing phone and mp3, he just was waiting for me beside the sportsground. Oh! When I finally got back my thing, I felt so thankful to the warmhearted friend, and said thanks over and over, but for him I would lose my favorite thing!
After that, I feel a friendly cooperation and warmhearted  fashion  is the basement to build our harmonious society and happy life , in the society, we should do our duty to care and help other people, whether you are acquaintances or stangers when you are needed. Sometimes the difficulty is so hard to get through, but if there is any assistance, there is any help, we will fine that life is so beautiful!
Supposing that people won't care other people's trouble and won't help each other, what our society will be like? From my point of view, it will cause a lack of responsibility and poor love between you and me, the criminal accident and theft accident will breakout in our daily life!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5f45d4b8-dec2-3c4f-b451-8947e904e56b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping other pleases yourself. In fact, it’s a truth. The best reward of helping others is a smile or a “thank you” rather than something expensive, because the grateful words are the most valuable. It’s so many years ago, I can also remember the afternoon when I was still a high school student. It happened as fast as I couldn’t react, I fell down from my bike when I try to across a hole. I was badly hurt. But then, this man gave me a strong hand and pulled me from the ground. He is my father, and during that time I didn’t do a good job on my study. Then my father gave me a strong support with his words: ”Man, I’ll always with you.  The best thing you can reward me is try your best and do what you should have done.”
In a word, parents and son, student and teacher, between friends, we should help each other if they need, don’t we?
If our society lack of carefulness, what will happen, nobody knows, but the one thing is sure, it must not so good.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ef633492-4ba1-3835-9743-8552101eca2b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Be willing to help others is advocated by the society,and everyong of us should try it in ourselves.
I still remember one moving thing happened in my childhood. one day, I was hanging out in the park and forgot the time, when I finally realise d that it was time to go home, I was surprised to find that my wallet had gone and I had no money to take the bus. I was so scared that I cried sadly. fortunately, a woman came to me and gave me some cash to help me out. I was so moved that I remember it till now.
Living in the big family, we should learn to care others, otherwise, the society would become too cold to live. Helping others in need, and god will give you a hand when you are in trouble.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ff4213fa-1497-3fc1-8ed8-854cc3f8a0ac> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One year ago, when I was a high school student, I failed in an important exam. I was in a low spirit. And I'm even afraid of exams. What's worse, I thought I can't do it well like before.
One day, a friend of mine and I walked together to the dining hall. she encouraged me to be confident in myself. And she said I was still the NO.1 in her heart. Suddenly, I was deeply moved. I believe I'm always the best, if I work harder.
We should help others when they are in trouble. Only in this way, other people will give a hand to you when you need. I can't imagine how the society will be when all of us are unpleased to help others. So, let's help others and you'll be much happier.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 989165d3-20b0-3ad7-8608-c791f67689ca> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last year when I am in my Junior High school,I had a fever.Because I lived in school dormitory ,my parents couldn't take care of me.My best friend accompany with me for several days and nights.I feel the same love as in home.
Not only frends should help each other ,but also everyone should  offer a bit love and help each other ,care each other.If you help others just like helping him pick up a book on the floor,he will know that you are a kind man and he will help you heartfeltly when you are in trouble.Dont't scant your kindness.You can get more if you devote more.
If there is no care and help and people only live for himself ,everyone is selfish.Our society will became grisly,we cant't live without love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 41a32fd4-abc1-3ac7-9b39-8b6068bf3428> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a hot day in middle summer last year, I first went to Beijing
`University of Posts and Telecommunications to register. Because I didn’t know how and where to do, I wasted a lot of time.  It was crowed and so hot in the campus, to make things worse, I didn’t get a sit all the way.
When I finally finished my registration, I was so tired and thirsty that I didn’t want to do anything. But I was despairing when I knew that I had to have physical exam, it was midday, and I didn’t have lunch.
I wanted to buy some food to eat, but it seemed that I didn’t have any time left.  I felt so helpless that I had to spend the whole day at the campus, but at this time ,a volunteer came to me , after I told him what had happened to me , he leaded me to finish the physical exam without wasting any time, and then he brought a beef noodle to me, I was so moved that I said thanks to him, and I said I would return the favor to him , so I caught a bus before it was too late and went to Chang Ping campus of  BUPT .
The guy was really a good man, and I want to give the favor back to him, but I never met him again. Today I still remember him, that it was he who let me know that the world is always good.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3b013253-f6b2-3195-b1fd-bfb2f94cd870> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
With the development of modern society,it is gradually becoming a
commen phenomenon turning a deaf ear and a dumb eye to other people's
troubles.So,as a modern person,we are easier and easier becoming empty
in the mind,anxious and bad-tempered.But,a little incident which happen
ed to me a few days ago really changed my attitude.
That day,it was a little rainy and dark,as a result,taking a taxi at school was very difficult.with time going by,I was caught in bad anxiety,at the moment ,a strange taxi  pulled in,and then,the strange driver adjusted the window down and asked me ,"little girl,where do you want to go?Maybe,I can help you.",after knowing  we had the same road,she at once got off,helped me lift luggage and left.At last,I managed to accomplish my task.To be honest,I was really delighted at this thing,and I was ex cellently comfored.
In a word, it is very important to help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7dcc0b3c-0031-3cce-8a3a-188e01ffc8e1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I like playing basketball. When I was in  senior high school. Once I was injured in one game. My horse was badly-wounded. I can’t stand up. What’s more, there were no hospital nearby. I was so painful just like the throes of dying. But my friends took turns to put me on their backs and sent me to hospital. They were so helpful. When I said ‘thanks’. They said : “you also help us always.”
Nowadays helping is more important . if you want to make friends, be successful in business, or live in the world. You must learn to care others. Only you help others, you can get help from them.
I can’t imagine what the world will be like if there is no helping. Maybe there are violence everywhere, and our community will be a big alibi. Everybody have a pair of cold eyes. No talk, no care……at last, no human beings.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c3cd5a2f-e28d-309f-b47c-2f94b0c150b6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is becoming a necessary quality for people these days.When orhers are in trouble,we should lend a helping hand to help them get out of the trouble time,and help them to go to the regular life.
One day I was in the station waiting for my train to go home. When the train arrived,I suddenly found that my ticket was missing,I was anxious because the train would leave in a few minites. At that time I thought I was only a poor boy that I did not konw what to do next,then an amazing thing happened,a trainman came ,he saw me was in trouble, asked 'what's wrong with you?',I told him the bad thing i was experiencing.To my surprise,he let me get on the train and didn't ask me for buying another ticket.He said that this thing happened frequently for students, as a trainman, it's his duty to help me get out of the trouble.Then i stayed on the train going home, I felt thankful for his help.
As a ordinary people inthe world ,we should do things to help others.if we do some good things our world will be harmony.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d3fa97d3-d602-3f17-b6de-74d14919dcdf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Even though I don't know his name,yet his view of his back is still alive in my mind.That's a rainy day in early winter,everyone were running to own's home,so it is the same with me.But,bad luck,I and my electric bicycle fell into a invisible hole under water.when I got out ,I found myself wet,and my bicycle do not work.What a bad luck .I thought I had to push the heavy bicycle ,fill the cold wind blow to my freezing body all my way to home in the damn rain.There he came,in a tricar.He offered to help me,getting my bicycle on his car,letting me get in the cab.I didn't know what to say,but just thank him all the way to my home.He didn't say anything about himslef and he just left me in front of my home and drived away.
we should care about each other,and show our respcet to each other.And as response,you will get returns.
If there's no caring in the world,the world will be nothing like but freezing,like pushing a car in a freezing day with you clothes wet.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 644a52e7-627b-3313-8433-391b51c1cfcf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I first stepped into the Capital International Airport, I felt it was just another world. Everything here was new for me. I didn’t know where should I go and what to do next and I even didn’t know where to set my feet.
But then, a warm-hearted cleaner came to help me. she asked me about  my situation, told me the flow path ,and lead me all the way until I got on the plane.
It was not her duty to help me, but she did so. And she was just like an angel in the world. She helped me, and cared about me, even I was a stranger to her. So, why couldn’t we help when we see others in trouble?
If we don’t care about others, our society will become colder and colder, and harmony goes away and never come back. Is that really all we want? And I guess there’s already an answer in everybody’s heart.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 916b142b-1809-387c-bde0-860d90214801> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Several years ago, when I was 10 years old, I was lost on the way home without money. Although I knew that I was not far away from home, I had no ability to find the way, at the same time I was so scared and anxious that alomst crying. A woman saw me, the helpless boy, and ask me why. I told her my predicament, to my surprise, she said she was on the same way to me and glad to send me home. I was so delight that the woman was like my mother. We talked happily on the way home with the road becoming shorter and shorter.
As we all know, it is obvious that people should concern and help each other.Kindness and helpness are the ligaments among people in the sociaty, which can accelerate the relationship among people and build a world full of kind heart and humanity.
But what our sociaty might be if we citizens were short of helpness? We might think of just ourselves without others, people might purpose their own advangtage, and the world were divided by so many parts without combining. All these things might happen just if we were short of helpness.It is scared, isn't it?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f079ac4d-1c97-34f1-9032-6717f296b697> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It’s impossible that you can overcome all the difficulties by yourself during the daily life.
One day I played basketball with my classmates after school. We had a good time and it was getting dark unconsciously. Suddenly, I hurt my knee in accident and I felt very terrible. I can’t walk even stood. My classmates came to me and sent me to the hospital. I said thank you to them but they just smelt.
I felt warm from the bottom of the heart. A friend in need is a friend indeed. We should give a hand to the people who are in trouble. If we are selfish the world will be cold.Let's take action and help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9e7af998-fdb4-3f6e-b1dd-3317c895f368> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day, I went to the classroom. But when I finished the homework and came to the bedchamber, I found my telephone was lost.
So I came to the classroom to found and I did not fount it.
In the end my chum got the news and told me someone fount it and return it to me. After this I know better that we should help each other and we should give our ability to these who need help.
If we only care for ourselves,for me my telephone will never return to my hand, for others when we need help ,we may not get help .
So if you have a apple ,I have a apple, and we change for the apple ,we only have one apple .But if you help me ,and I help you ,when we need help ,we will get much help.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cd1d3347-4673-3a53-83e3-0b4516e065e8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When we were young, we usually might make a lot of mistakes or get into problems. It means we need others to give us a hand. Of course, if one in trouble, it is better to show your love and kindness to him or her so that he or she can come over it.
To be honest, I am a person who often has a lot of problems. About one year ago, I was faced with so many exams that had no time to pay attention to other beautiful things in life.Because of the boring days and the great stress, I was really depressed, felt that life was meaningless. My family and friends started to help me come back to be happy, talking with me about something that I cared and made me feel that there was always some one that can give you warmness besides there was always some one that waiting for your help. Life is really full of hope and surprise.
Yes, I must say if they haven't helped me, I might have no chance to write down my feelings today. If we don't help others who need your help but only notice ourselves, one day every of us must feel hopeless and the world may become colder than before.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6c2f0945-4387-3718-9af5-6051854064f1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is a traditional virtue all around the world. We think highly of people who always help others and carry forward the spirit he has.
Last year when I just enter the university, the news came that my father is seriously ill and I had to go home to see him.  When I came back, I was in bad mood because I missed many classes and worried my father’s health. However, my classmates in my dormitory understood my feeling. They helped me catch up with my classes. They told me that my father would be better if I keep a good mood. I was very grateful for their kindhearted move. From then on, I know people should help others to make them feel warm when they are in bad conditions.
The society needs people to help each others. Only in this way, can we make progress. If everyone ignores others, the world will be a cold icebox and it will never develop.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ca623052-f31a-3462-87dc-989ca8f1f5b8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last year,i had a fever beacause of toothache during the final test.I even couldn't see the word in the paper clearly.But i still insisted to finish it.When i finish the computer text,i felt i nearly fall in a faint.Without any hesitation,i went to the school hospital.My classmate was worried about me,so she decided  to go there with me together.To be frankly,i was in moved by her caring.I didn't eat breakfast that morning,so i passed out when standing in the hall.The doctors ran to help me up,then did some phsical examinations for me.In that time, a girl who i didn't konw before also come to help.
What i understand from this incident is not only the importance of health ,but also the virtue that helping each other.There is no doubt that people should try out best to help others.Only in this way,the world can be warmer and happier.
Xiaoyueyue's event triggered a lot of discusstions.Anyway,if we can devote our love to others,not only us but also others will become better.I can't imagine what the world will be if people don't helping each others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1adc0c66-b346-3c47-89c6-1451498013d7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Living in the society, we all need others' care and help, and we need warmth,too.
Remberring time of my high school,then I faced to high-test,I was anxious and uneasy for press from parents and teachers.Imostly insomniaed everynight,and everymorning looked hausted. I worked harder,my grades decrased more quickly,and I was more anxious.What a bad cicle so much!
Luckily,a boy, one of my best friends, he gave me courage of struggling renewedly.He told me that don't compare youself with anyone else,and become one who you want to ,don't pay much attention to others' thinking,accoring to your own speed...I was really thanks him for this matter.
So,people should have love and help.perhap,your a little smile will change attitude of people for life who are in trouble.let's go out inside,care sorroundings.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b559f60f-ddb1-320d-b91b-452752c0b49a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we know, helping others is a traditional virtue in our nation. Everyone may be helped by other people an help others as well.
I still remember there was a time when I came back to school with a heavy baggage. When I took the underground, I felt much hard in the steps. At this time, a young man held his hands to me. He helped me to take the baggage in the steps. Though I don’t know who he is , I will remember his helping me all my life. In the meanwhile ,  will hand down this kindness.
There is no doubt that the whole word needs everyone’s love and people should care for others no matter whether you know him or not . If not , our word will be o offish society . What’s more , every one of us will feel lonely and helpless. So ,never hesitate , it is a time that we should give hands to the person who needs help.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f4eb0ece-2e29-378a-be40-ed332395e624> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The first time I was sick and away from my parents, I was really afraid and didn’t know what to do. Having a fever, I even couldn’t speak too much. At this point of time, my friend’s mother knew my situation. She took care of me and bought me delicious food. She comforted me to get rid of my fear. I felt much better after her care.
We really need help and care from each other. We can’t say that we can deal with everything only by ourselves. Cooperation and help are necessary. Helping someone offers quite convenience for others and from which we can benefit, too.
Lacking of help from each other, the society will be cruel. Everybody in the society is obduracy. We will not feel happy and warm. There must be full of quarrels and fights. We are anxious about our safety everyday. We will lead such a tired life which is unexpected. So let us give others our kind help to make a better world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9dcd0c3b-bf70-34c8-a751-9f978c567dee> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It is said that the force of the many people is giant than youself.so,if you want to have a good life.you shoule learn to help each other.that is,if you give your hand in someone's need,someone will help you when you are in trouble
In my life,there are aslo many people who like to help me.When my first to Beijing as a freshmen.Everything are so strange to me.So i lost my way.I don't know how to go to school.But there is a grandpa who gave me a map and told which bus i should ride.I am so appreative to him that i will never forget him.thanks him.
It is unimaginable that what the world will be it there is no concern  between others.No love,world will become unsympathetic.we hope we will have a warm world.just helping each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8b6e3b3c-0193-3fd7-991f-e53ed632392c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day,there was a strong wind,when I was walking on the street with  a lot of books on my hands.Sunddenly,my books were all dropped on the street.I was so sad and don't know what to do.Fourtunately,the pedestrians walked by helped me picked them up.I was very grateful.
Although it is a small thing,but it let me know it is important to help each other,caring each other is something sweet.
In my opinion,offering help to others is a wonderful thing,At the same time,it is something we should do.If the world is lack of careful to each other,It will become terrible and cold.So please care others more.And you will find the world will be more glorious,life will be more happiness!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 67f53b35-6584-3f1e-b89c-7adebb2a4112> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Here, I will show you a story about me and my best friend.
When I was in the meddile school. I took part in the math competition. So we need a lot of time to study something that
difficult. This make me have no time to do the work as the others. And I can't listern to the class. But my math didn't
criticize me. She bought me a lot of books. And I got the frist prize in the game.
Bad difficult things happened to everyone everyday. Some times we can pass it by ourselves but also sometimes we can't.
The helping hands are what we wanted in this difficult condition.
If everyone lives in himselve, the word "together" will gone disapper. The work can only done by yourselve. Your best
friend is loneliness. The sadness and happness you suffered and enjoyed got no share.
That is too bad, I can't stand. And you?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0fd43405-e332-377e-a6da-47d80459d2bf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last week I saw a young man giving up his seat to a woman with a baby in her arms on a bus.To my great surprise,the woman did not thank the young man.On the contrary,she glared at him coldly,which made him embarrassed.
This incident set me thinking. If everyone acted like that woman,who would like to help others?And what would our society be like?
If anyone gives you a hand,you should express your sincere gratitude to him or her.Only in this way will everyone be ready to help others and feel satisfied with it.
Is the spirit of Leifeng out of style?As you can see,the spirit of Leifeng will never be out of date. Instead,it has been brought forward.The spirit of Leifeng-an unselfish spirit will always encourageus to go forward.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bb5e6905-f1f3-3501-9426-0f405e7ce68e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
This term l wanted to join in the competition of dubing English film. So l let several classmates cooperate with me. Because of lacking experience about it,l didn’t know how to deal with it in the least. They helped me a lot. I listened to their suggestions and opinions and looked for the material with them. Then, we practiced for it everyday. Thanks to their support and help, now we prepare for the competition’s coming confidently.
Personally, the society need care. we should live in harmony with others. When we have the habit of helping others. Naturally, others will be eager to help us. The life don’t have so many problems.  However, if we don’t want to help others. the society will have less warmth.  Finally, we don’t have happiness and the feeling of security living in the cold society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 969e4e4a-51f2-37a3-951b-10aadc10af8a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is one of the tradional ethics in China.When you need someone's help, a hand was given to you. Obviously you will feel very happy and comforted.
One day I went shopping in a big mall with my aunt's baby in a baby-car. I was wandering with my hands pushing her car when the escalator broke down.  I was blocked in the half of the escalator, which made me so embarrassed because I had to take the baby-car. A young woman saw my difficulty and helped me put the baby-car up to the second floor.I was so happy but she disappeared when I wanted to say thanks to her.
There is no doubt that giving a hand to others really fertilize others' heart. Not only the giver but also the receiver will feel very satisfied. If everyone ignored others' hardness and didn't help them, the society's atomosphere will be very terrible. We can't find people to turn to when we are in real trouble either.
Taking all the states above into consideration, I think only when every one has a warm heart to help others can we have a harmonious society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bb6ad3f3-9544-3411-9777-1957cf627285> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was at the beginning of my life of the university, I arrived at the university with my father from Inner Mongolia.I have never been there before,so everyone there was unacquainted.I wanted to register,however, I don't know where the office is. I felt so hopeless that I stood still without doing anything else.Then, a boy came to me with a smile , and said"May I do something for you?".I was too appreciatory to say a word and he acted as a guide all my way to resister.
After that,we became good friends and always help each other initiatively.In my opinion,it is really necessary for us to help each other.Otherwise, the world will be frozening and develop at a slow rate.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 16c9d210-b7d9-3868-bbdc-f98eeb4de7d4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It is very normal and usual for everyone to help each other, because difficulties do exist everywhere and we all have problems that can’t be solved ourselves. So helping just like spring for the thirsty and woe all should be willing to donate.
Once when I was ten years old, I went out to have fun with my friends by bike. After a heat riding race, I got last, and lost myself in the countryside. I got no phone with me, and what’s worse, there is nobody on the road. Hungry and cared, I rode all the way straight by the road. After nearly two hours, I reached a small town and found the police. After the police brought me and my little bike back home, it was almost eleven in the midnight, and that almost drives my parents crazy. I really have to thank the police.
Helping and caring about each other is really important. But if everyone only cares about himself and don’t want to help others, many big problems can’t be solved and everyone won’t get large progress. With the willingness to help each other, not only our lives, but also others’ can absolutely get brighter.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 09b6acfc-34ec-3dbe-9ecc-87119d0d62aa> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We always a lot of memory in live. Some people like memory go on and other like memory memorable for helped him.
As we all know, help other people is help yourself. I never remember the thing. The thing is deeply in my heart. That is me go to school to university of Beijing youdian daxue in fast day. I have something not to solve before go to school. I don’t how to do? I very afraid for it and go to school. I never think when come here, my school  fugle  was goodness. He  help me to solve the thing and let me have a good  treatment. I think he.
To be honest,I cannot imagine what if there is no concern among people.Assuming that is true,I think three will never be any relationships in our world and people is just like stone which have no  emotion.How terrible it is!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9020067c-59e2-3220-9ef6-f90eb2006331> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Help Me, Help You
When I was a nine-year-old boy,once went to visit my uncle's house alone in the same city.That was my first experience tripping alone.I took a bus and took off at right station,then I must walked about fifteen-minute distence to arrive.I was excited about my duty at the beginning.But when fifteen minutes gone by,I didn't reach my destination.I worried realised that I lost my way.I didn't know what should I do.I calmed down several minutes,then went to the small shopping store behind me.I asked the old lady how to walk to my uncle's building.The old lady told me the way smiling,but I still didn't know how to go.Looked at this,the old lady walked out the shopping store and lead me to the building herself.We walked about 3or4 minutes,then I saw my uncle's building.I said thanks and she smiled,then she gone back.
After this time,I realise that we shuold try our best to help others.If we all have no love in our mind,the world would become worse and worse.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8901e5b5-6b67-3e87-b442-ca241c7d5455> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was an afternoon when I studied in the high school, that time I was about to miss the bus to school and I was so neverous to hurry to the bus stop. On my way, a stranger who passed by in a car stoped his car and picked me up to the stop. So luckily, I made it.
According to my experience,I think we should help anyone who need help and take care of each other.
As is known to all, the society need love to be more beautiful. As a memberof the society, we shall spare no efforts to helping each other.
If we do not devote our love or not care for others, our society will full of crimals and our lives will be worse and worse. To avoid these,
please regard helping others as your duty. Thank you.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a591729f-e2c4-3abe-b2c9-e3a878cd23c6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Three years ago, my leg was badly hurt when playing basketball in high school. I couldn’t walk for a long time, and I couldn’t even go to school. I could only stay at home doing nothing. I was very upset at that time. My classmates got my condition from my teacher soon, they came to my home every day helping me with my study and talking with me about the news at school. With the help of them, I felt much better.
In my opinion, it is important to care for others and help them when necessary. If we are enthusiastic to others, they will be enthusiastic to us too. Our society will be warmer and warmer.
If we only care ourselves, the society will be cold and hard to live in. How can we live in such a cold society?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 084b6260-4ad6-3c7e-8c01-8eeb77c6d05a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
People should help each other when the danger is coming.As far as I know,good Life consists of many factor,the most important of them is unite.the world should be full of love and I have an experience about it,the experience gave me a deep thought.
One day,I went school by bycicle happily.Suddenly,a difficult came to me that my bicycle was broken and I couldn't arrive school on time.Suddenly I was afraid because my teacher was famous for her strict.If I was late for class,I would be absent for the class of all morning.
Soon a stranger come to me and help me to repair the bicycle.He looks  kind and strong,I really appreciate him for his kind action.Finally he  went away without leave his name.
So,If the world was lack of care,It was a terrible situation.It was cause indifferent around people and there was no love in the world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 61ee8595-eaad-38f0-87c5-e8b6d205b399> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
one morning I went to the classroom at 7 o'clock. because I  was on duty today.I was the first one.I cleaning the blackboard when qimangul(其曼古丽）come into the classroom.I asked her"who do you come here so early?" she said"I know you are on duty day.let me help you." .I was very happy and said "thank you".we began to work togather. when the teacher arrived, we had already done a good job,and the classroom very clean.teacher praised me.
The day after tomorrow qimangul will on duty. I am going to help her too. we are good friends.we should help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5237eb0d-a640-351f-af43-d54d1ad87d93> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is an active altitude towards our daily life. Everyone must have met the difficulties that you couldn’t deal with. When I was eleven years old, I prepare for my English class. Unluckily, I caught with a heavy snow and because of the snow the bus I got had to stop. I found I was lost. An old man helped me find the way to the classroom and I felt warm.
People should help each other and care about each other when seeing someone is in trouble or has difficulties. Since that nobody can escape from meeting something that disturbs you in your life. You can also achieve a better mood if you try your best to help others or you are helped by others.
If we live in a world which lack care help between each other, the society will be cold and dark.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f0f9b8e1-62ae-34de-910b-5d0f024cd091> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In life, many people offer their help to me. And what they do often make me moved. When I was in high school, I went to school by bike every day. One day, however, my bike broke on the road. At that time, I was still far from school. Suddenly, a classmate passed and he offered to take me to school. I was thankful a lot.
There is no doubt that people should help each other in daily life. No one will be always well-off and all need other’s help one day. Giving others a hand usually doesn’t mean losing a lot. Happiness others get with the help of us would surely makes us happy, too.
But it’s hard to imagine how the world will become without helping each other. All people just care about themselves and people can only rely on themselves when they are in difficulty. No warmth, no hope for others. The society is hard to accep

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID abf3ebd5-a3c4-3e4b-a634-939e55edabae> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was three years younger than present, I failed to get away from a emergency that occurred to me by accident that was not a fine day and most of us students had returned home and only a few stayed at the classroom, I was going to home, however, my careless gave me a lessons and I fell from the step and hurt my right foot so severely as to I failed to stand up to return home. It is a good luck for me to meet a foreign student and save me from that situation, and I went back home with his companions.
When you help others, the hands you give to others may be reward to yourself you get thanks and last but not least you realize you value and importance.
It is hard to imagine the world without care for each other but a society with only means will damage itself  people is just like stone which have no  care for others . How terrible it is!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2dd6dade-40af-3ad9-8f76-5ee9f1497cda> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was a story happened at about one year ago. I was going to school on a bus. At the time I got on the bus, I found that I had left my purse at home that I have no money on me. When I was funding in my bag nervously, a young lady lend me one yuan that I could go to school in time.
We should help each other in the world we live. We live in the society that we must communicate with each other that there must be some thing we can’t done by ourselves that we need other’s help. And because of this, we should also help others that maybe one day the people we helped will help us in some way.
If we don’t help each other that we only concerned about ourselves that the world will be selfish and there will be no love. If we don’t help others we will also not be helped by others. So, for all of us, we should help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5a0bbe3c-7e1a-39b6-b5e4-a9f464d4595d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I lost my way in XiAn last year.I couldn't do nothing but to ask somebody.Fortunately,a girl who looks like a college student helped me find my way.
We should help each other in our life.We are not alone in society,if we help each other,we can make friends.It also makes our world more beautiful.However,if we don't help each other,our society may be without Warm.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 316f37e5-a6db-3910-a9db-db43cb8d806f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Hleping Each Other
This is a really unforgettable experience. It was in my tender age, I stay at home alone, dad and mom were out. It was really hard for such a young naughty girl like me to stay at home without nothing to do. So it was not strange that I was out, but unfortunately, when I closed the door, the glass on the door broken to pieces, and my face and leg were hurt. Luckily, the neighbor was home. when he heard the voice, he hurried out and sent me to the hospital .
It is really not hard to image what will happen with out his help. And this lesson told me not only be carefully, but also that we should help each other when someone is in trouble or danger. only that can we live a better life and can we be harmony with others.
And it is hard to image that without this what the world we life will be like. Do we what the earth be like that, be bland ??? Surely not. So, just do this, the world will be like what we really want, a peaceful and happy world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9410adb8-7def-3c5d-a31c-11720786f848> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Caring for each other is the most beautiful thing for each other, which will let each other feel so comfortable.
Once upon a time, when I did my homework in the classroom, I met a quite difficult problem. Though I try my best to hand it out, I could not work it out. Suddenly my head is aching and my mood became so bad. I thought it once and once again, but I did not know how to deal with it. I was about to give up when a classmate came to me and gave me some tips, I feel so good and work it out in a minute.
I learn a lot from this little thing. I know that people should care for each other and do their best to give others a hand if they can do. I can not image if our world lose the true love or care, how bad our world would become. Each of you will be in trouble, and how are you feeling if a person do you a favor or there is no one neglecting you? So do not be shy, let us help others who need help and make the whole world fill with love

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fe8e506d-b55b-3c52-9dc3-b159c8c2fa52> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As everyone knows, a friend in need is a friend in deed.But not only friends, but also strangers.
When I was in senior high school, we have exams every month, and we need to take our books out. Once when we were taking an examination, it suddenly began raining heavily.In ordor to provide our books from showering,we stopped examing to convey the books to the lobby. But I can't hold my books and they all fell to the ground. I suddenly feel helpless. But a stranger run to me and helped me convey the books to the lobby.
Although we don't know each other before, he helped me without hesitate. And after that time,we became stragers again.But I will never forget the warmth when I need help and someone can help me.
So in my opinion, everyone should be always ready to help others. Just think if no one want to help others,do love exist in the world? And if thier were no love, do we have difference with an utterly worthless person? How can we find the meaning of life?
Come on to help others, let's make the world become more beautiful!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fe7c40cc-63cb-3372-9d44-f7e89e4c2d64> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
This was an afternoon when I was in senior high school. I was playing basketball with my classmates. Suddenly, I hurt my feet while I was grabbing the ball, and of course I couldn’t keep balance and fell on the ground. My left elbow was bleeding and I can’t stand up. Had saw this, my mates stopped and helped me up, supported me to the campus hospital. They encouraged me all the way. While the doctor treated me, they accompanied with me and told me jokes to make me forget the pain.
How warm I feel when I think about it. When I hurt myself, my mates tried their best to help me. We live in society and work in group, everyone can’t be alone in the world. Therefore, we should help each other when others were in trouble, as they will help you when you get problems.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 436e5c18-2205-359f-8987-81a2f92c8c6f> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Beyond the question, we will meet with a variety of troubles which we can’t get over independent .At this time, we need other’s help.
There is a story which have a huge influence on me and I want to share it with you. It is a usual Sunday at my five years old , I went to the park alone. Of course , nobody know where I am , including my parents. Unfortunately , I lost my way .At that time ,I found the park is too large to go out ,I became anxious and I only do one thing ,that is crying.
Finally ,a uncle called 110 and I’m brought to police office to wait my parent. Without this uncle , I will lead another difficult life, I think.
Everyone all need help .Everyone all need care. If only depend myself , can’t I do some huge and fascinating thing .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 71226c49-3314-3f9b-a829-d94b736dc408> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was young, my mother usually told me that helping other is a wonderful thing to make the life better. I believed that everyone should have been helped by others.
As for me, I'm not a hard-working girl. Last semester, as a new university student, I play as much as I can. So when the final exams came, I feel worried about myself. At the moment, a boy showed up and helped me to solve the problems and told me the key of the subjects. Because of his teaching, I survived the exams.
We are living in a big world, there are lots of difficult problems which we cannot handle by ourselves. The help between us can make something easier, and make the working process efficiently.
As we all know, the whole society now lack the love to the strangers. If we don't make efforts to change this situation, one day, we will all become selfish. Will you be happy? I believe not.
Let's get together to contribute to changing the current situation!
I sincerely hope that love and help could be all around us.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d9cafaab-a23d-3166-8867-88f488a9598c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a senior student, I got into trouble on account of the different ideas with my parents. It sounded like a little bit childish, but actually I was affected negatively. Luckily, my respectable friend helped me communicate with my parents and told me the importance of understanding.
As far as I am concerned, we should try our best to help others. Maybe just a simple action we could make a big difference.We can encourage others and help them get away from trouble. If there were many unconcerned people in the world , society will be ugly and disgust and there will be full of wars and fighting .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4163f382-5690-34a0-b6a1-603a2e2bd3a6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Living in society of today, we must help each other whenever some get in trouble.
Once I ride to school in the road, suddenly the chain of my bike fell.  Having never come to this situation before, I fall into panic immediately. However, a stranger passing by found my trouble, and he stopped to help me without unnecessary words. And it took not a minute for him to fix my bike up. Then he smiled to me and let me go to school quickly. I don’t know how to say to appreciate him because I’m too moved. His move impressed me deeply.
As far as I’m concerned, people should help each other and take care of each other. Only in this way can we live a better life.
Imagining that if people only care themselves, what the society will be like? Oh, how terrible it is! We can never make it come true. So let us help each other!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 40b54b3a-87b1-3ae2-9444-97d5e1565fd8> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
That is a unforgettable experience. when i was in senior highschool,
one night ,while i was going to wash my feet,i lift canteen,it banged.
The boiled water scalded my feet.i even can't walk.In that week,my roommates bought food for me.Hold me up go to class.
our society need love .if we don't care each other ,our world will be cold.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f8ad60d6-42a7-303d-a8f3-7addbf53bf91> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we know, everyone in the world is not a persen alone. we help each otber, which contributes to a harmonious world. This is also in my case. Oneday, MY computer suddenly broke down, worried about it, but I was not able to do anything. fortunately, my friend advised me to fix it and he would go with me. Finally, my computer started to work thanks to my friend. If there was not his help,I would never play my computer again. therefore, we should help each other, we should give the one a hand whoever is in the soup.
From my point of view, we should care about others more often. Sometimes you give others a smile, you will receive others'respect and appreciation. If the world lack the careness about others, our world will be a cold one, we will be no longer happy, and it will effect our efficiency, so come on friends, let us make a contribution to our harmonious world.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 59df98f7-290c-3003-98ef-55faf2247aae> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a boy of twelve,things were difficult.sometimes I had to confront some evildoings on the way to school.They askde me for money,if I had no money they would hit and run.I feared to go to school but i more fear to tell each other.
One day,evildoings called me a halt and asked me for money.When they knowed i had no money they surrounded me in the center and wanted to hit me.I was too scard to run.At that point,a man asked them stop and scared them away.
So grateful i felt in that time. I fell there were justice around me and help me to solve the difficults.
After that event,i always help each other by my ability.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9e1608a2-3c59-3f23-b693-29d6dd255a9a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
People should helping each other，if someone have need ，we should try our best to help him。
One day ，my house key lost in computer room，but I don’t know , I was so worry , I couldn’t find my key! My roommate help me, find key together , but we can’t find . last a classmate watch a key in computer room ，he think the key is mine ，so he sent the key to me. I was very happy and thank him very much .
If without them help me , my key maybe lost , fortunately classmates very kind .
People should helping each other ,if most people always help other ，the world became beautiful ，but if not help ，the world is not world 。

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 11bbd4a9-8de1-3aaa-89d8-04ae8afe2b0d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping people when they are in trouble may be nothing to you, but it can be important to other people.
Ten years ago, when I was a primary school student, I coincidently happened to meet a enthusiastic woman who I would never forget. That day, I had been to school early, however, last night my teacher had given us students a task to write a composition which should be handed in that day morning. Unfortunately, I just left it home, and I was so anxious for there was only ten minutes before the bell's ring. I knew that fetching it right away was also too late, but I went home, despairingly and in a hurry. When I was in the way home, a woman saw me, so she asked me why.
I told her the reason. At last, she decided to give me a ride, and I got my composition and back before class. Thanks to the woman!
I will never forget it, and from that time, I know helping a stranger is such a good and easy thing but it can get a person appreciate. Should we help and concern each other every time we are able to, the world will be better and better. At least, I have experienced it on my own.
At the same time, if we all choose to set aside when we see other people are in the soup, what will the world be like? I can really get the sense, because ten years ago I had already feel the desperation, but the appearance of the strange woman made my desperation into hope at last.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 75e02e7d-419a-3d49-9e02-cc4cfbb81dd2> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I always handle down affairs on my own.If anyone helps me,I would feel delighted. It's the happiest time in the world.
Once I was a small boy,I couldn't find my way to my unknown destination,suddely a stranger came and told me how to do. Thanks to him,finally I found that place.It was just nearby.But his help is very important.
I think helping each other is neccessary in our daily life.Nobody can do all things by himselve.Everyone has something that others don't know.We should care everyone
when we still alive.
Without help,the earth will be a cold planet.people ignorn each other. I can't image how cruel it is.So when seeing someone needs help,rush to him,reach out your hands and say "I can help you!"

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5afaaaa1-036a-3131-8d08-87adf135d597> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone should help each other and care for each other. When somebody meets some troubles, we should try our best to give our hand to him .For example,if someone around you is caught in a heavy rain,and you just take an umbrella with you,then what should you do?The  correct way is that you should go towards him and say,"Let's use the umbrella togerther!"
Everybody in this society is the all and the one,and we can't live alone without anybody.When we get along with others ,we need help each other and concern about each other.Only in this way,I believe, can we live better.
Supposing that if the society is lack of help and concern bewteen each other,then what will our society become?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 222918f7-54c0-31cc-8f77-a807871be740> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We should help each other. When we help others, others will be in the hearts of warmth, and others to help us, our hearts will also comfort.
I once encountered by others who had helped matters.
On my way to school, there was something wrong with me. After I get on the bus, I found my wallet was gone. My heart suddenly thrown into a painc by up. I stood on the bus awkward. Just then an old man come up to me, “at’s the matter? Let me help you.” And then, he bought the ticket for me. I didn’t really know what I should say. I thanked him again and again, he said with a smile, “it’s my pleasure. We should help each other.”
Helping each other make our life more fine.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c1ed2ce3-bda1-34b7-b402-9838cdb41320> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
People help people is what i think the most important  quality.In my life,there is one person who help me that i'll never forget.It happend in my eight years when i was hurried to school.On the way to school,there was nowhere to see anybody for it was afternoon while people were sleeping at home.Bad thing came that my bike was something wrong,as i was worried about not going to school in time,somebody came over me and used his skilled hands helping me solve the problem.Even now,i didn't know his name .But his action deeply impressioned by me.
In my eyes,people should help each other ,so that our world can become more beautiful and be full of kindness,happiness.If everyone can  do something ,the world can be changed.So do not say you power is little,lift you hands and join us to make the world a place where love can be found everywhere.
Without it,I can't image how the world will become.Maybe it is not existing.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0e3ae239-a4e4-34aa-b009-c0cea9f59acd> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a high school student , I was down from stairs. And my leg was broken down ,I feel unhappy all the day. However, my deskmate release my sadness. When I was lying in my bed, he came to watch me everyday after school. As well as ,he would bring school text and homework to me. It is like sunshine blowing my heart for his warm helping. Thanks to his help that accompany with me to suffer that such hard time.
In my opinion, people and people should help each other and care for each other. So as to do that can make our society harmonious.If we lose careness, we can never imagine how our home, school, and country are. And we are never looking forward that day coming.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c852787d-a6fd-3795-bb10-429eecf431f7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone must be faced a lots problems in his life! We can make friends with others ! Why we do this? I believe that is very important to us! Because friends can help us to walk out problems when we have not ideas !
In senior high school, I was bad at math! I wanted to improve my level of math ,I used many ways to improve it
But I Had not a favorable outcome! So I decided to give up!  At that time .Liu who is my best friend told me how to study math and gave his notebooks to me ! And moreover,He help me when I was not able to solve difficult questions! If he were not.I can not have today’s achievement!
I think we should help Each other! If we don’t help each other,our word must be harmonious!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c62436da-c710-3979-aac3-3498f4c9384c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
People should help each other. If you give a person a hand when he’s in trouble. He will help you in return.
Once, my friends invites me to climb the mountain. I’m happy to join them. But I have something other to do. So I told them not to wait for me. When I finished ,I will find them. ater,I started to climb and try to find them.UnfortonellyIt’s rainy and I got lost.I feel so bad but I didn’t give in.I turned to a stranger.He told me the way to the top.I appericiate for his kindness. inally I got together with my friends.
I don’t know what will happen if nobody helps me .I think I’m so happy.Because one stranger is willing to guide me when I’m lost.So everybody should do like him.Because of that,this society will be filled with warmth.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 617a0e02-01f7-371c-b8f9-6816bf2092c3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The world is formed by you and me, so no one can live alone. Thanks to the help from other people , we can get through barriers during our life span. Sending our hands to someone who need it makes the world a better place to live in. So helping each other is of great significance.
In my memory, the most beautiful piece of memory is about help. In grade 2 I changed class. The teacher chose me to be the new monitor which brought me a lot of matter to deal with. Because I was new in this class which had been formed for one year, it was so difficult to let them accept me immediately. Once I wanted to organize them for preparing the sports meeting, but they just ignored my words. I felt hopeless, in this time Zhao stood out and said ”Now monitor you can tell us what to do and we all will follow you.” He said in a high voice and the class were looking at me at the same time with smiles, I knew that they accepted me.
As far as I am concerned, helping each other doesn’t need big actions but we can harvest more during this period. Without help and care, everyone in this society will turn to a stone which is so cold, and what is more, our society will lose the warmth and color.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cceb6d5c-bff0-3547-9343-3a7d1fbfcf93> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone will go through difficulties in our life. Sometimes we can not deal with them ,in these occasions ,we need others’ help .Next ,I will introduce one of my situations where others’ help me.
When I came to the university ,I am not very fit to the environment of university ,so I was sick .You know when you are sick and there is no one to rely on ,you are very depressed .Fortunately ,my roommates are very friendly ,even though they didn’t know me well at that time .They took care of me well, which make me thankful. Under their care, shortly after my illness, I got better.
From this situation ,I know we all need help, even though you are strong .We should not only help friends and classmates ,but also some one we don’t know well, like my roommates and me when I came to the university .Only if we all want to help others, the society can be harmonious and we will feel happy.
On the one hand ,we need help, on the other hand ,if the society lacks help ,not only the harmony can’t come true ,but also everyone will be selfish and alone ,in modern life ,the contact of people is less ,the help is also less ,I think we can do more to change it ,I think our society can be more better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e99744a0-f18b-3d91-b74f-f3a94d9c2fdc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The society consists of various relationships between people. In my opinion, the most important one that last these relationships all the time is——help.
It was a cold winter night，with neither people nor car on the street, I finally hailed a taxi after waiting a long time. I got on the taxi and told the driver destination. The driver was so kind that he turned on air-condition as he noticed that I seemed cold. After a long hour, we arrived. When I bring my wallet to pay, I found that the money was not enough. Embarrassed, I asked the driver wait a few minutes so that I could run to home to pick money. The driver said nothing just smiled. When I get off the taxi prepared to run, to my surprise, the taxi was going away without taking the pay. In such a cold winter night, I felt so warm.
As far as I’m concerned, people should help each other in daily life. When someone is in trouble, we are supposed to help him as possible. In that time, not only the helped guy felt the warm, but also we get satisfied. The society concludes kinds of relationships; people keep these by help each other. It means that someone in the society would not felt lonely and despair when they face problems. Without helping each other, the society would become cold.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9608226e-406b-35bc-bb61-f2e965654da0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Gone are the days when I am still a highschool student,but the happy
time will be in my heart forever.I can not forger the favors my classmates offered me. One piece of them was helping me buy a computer.
Though I am a total outsider in it,the favor of my classmate made it quite easy for me.Only then,can you understand the true meaning of helping each other.It may be not a big thing,however,a little care of other will light your life.So,I can not imagine what the socity will be
if there are a lack of helping each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e9927e86-b3b8-3902-8987-53a7259ce5aa> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I was studying in the classroom that day without hearing raining outside. Figuring one problem and one, the time was ten o’clock. Then I clear my books away and go out. Surprisingly, it was raining, but I didn’t take an umbrella. Then I stood up there considering what I should do. At this moment, a schoolmate raising an umbrella came here asking to send me off. Of course, I went back to my dormitory later.
In the society, we should help each other and care for each other. If there isn’t help, we cann’t live very well.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1b55fd15-c9c2-3837-8b29-1c39a4ea1053> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When you are in trouble, you must long for some one coming to your rescue. I have such an experience which is unforgettable.
In a summer holiday, I went to a big amusement park to play in Dalian. It was so crowded and hot that day, but I couldn’t find a place I wanted to find after I had searched for it for really a long time. Then, a girl who seemed like the same age like me came to me and asked if I needed help. I told her where I wanted to go and she actually took me there by herself, and before she left, she gave me a bottle of cool water! I was so grateful for that kind girl!
Just imagine, what will the world be if there isn’t any care between people and people? But people will feel the world is so nice just because some one helps them when they are in trouble. So it’s easy to change the relationship between people and people. Let’s trying to help as much people as we can!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5c4aeb0b-e88c-3dab-806c-035a12dbab89> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was young, I was considered a naughty child. I often got lost in the street or just didn't find my family when going out. But when these happened, there were always helpful people who sent me home without asking for reward. As it was past for many years, I can't remember all of them clearly. However, their well-intentioned smiles and the feeling of safety they gave me warm my heart truly and will doubtless be the treasure of my life.
Helping others is a fantastic thing. It can not only help the one who is in need but also give you the feeling of satisfaction. People should care about each other and help each other.
Someone may ask:If there isn't any care between us, what will happen? I even can't imagine it for I think it just can't be in the real world. When that happens, it will be very terrible.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 920bf0e1-3d32-38b8-aa14-d76502756044> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
From the time we exsist in this world,we are required to meet with varieties of difficulties and get precious experiences as well as individual thoughts.Sometimes they are even accmpanied by tough tears.
This happened in my primary school,when I was only 8.
I was born with something unfortunate that some toxin hidden in my body and they bursted out on my face.Something a little like varicella but not contagious.At that time,I was arranged to sit in the corner without anybody around,classmates are educated to get away from me as far as possible.but they all ignored my little weak heart.I became to be shy,reticent.This circumstance lasted for about two weeks untill A come back to school,She was ill at home before.She soon noticed me,without any hesitate,she handed in hand with me and asked if it was possibile to be my friend.I nooded and gave my trust to her ,she didn't fall me down.
There must need help and care between humanalities,it is hard to wonder our world without them.Sunshine would be no more warm,flowers would be no more that beautiful....
it is frightened to imagine!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d2b8b3d1-1994-3f06-b913-9c05ad9ada55> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I will never forget my roommate who helped me last week when I was ill.Last Sunday,I felt uncomfortable and then found myself getting a fever.When lunch time was coming, I was still lying on the bed.To my surprise,my roommate came back with lunch bought for me.I was deeply moved by her kindness and carefulness.
I don't want to overstate my case.But the helping and caring between each other is absolutely important. No one can always steer claer of difficulties during the life.So we must need the help from others one day.
In my opinion, if people do not help others ,our society will be cold and hard.We have to overcome difficultis all by ourselves and things will be much more difficult.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ce3bdfc4-6be6-3b39-8fc7-e7f88192bd25> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is a good character.To every one,we should get it
by ourselves.
In university，Yang Chan,my friend, always bring me water and food without any complaint.And he never goes back to his word.This boy teached me what helping is and what we should do to help people.
In my opinion,people should helping each other every time every where.It is the only way to make our sociology more beautiful.If we
do not care about helping,what will our home change to?I can't imagic.
If we lose this character,we will face to more and more difficaulty
alone.
In a word,when we lose helping,we can not move anyway in the world.
That's all,thank you.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f048a4db-5843-3e75-aa5c-139ca44b0bc7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The college entrance examination was coming,each student did their best to prepare for it.There were so many pieces to finish that I was stressed out.Li Hua,who was one of my classmate,gave me a hand after knowing  my situation.She had a talk to me to relax me and cheered me up.Helpfully,I built condidence on myself through her help and got a satisfying score in the end.
I can not imagine what my life would be without Li Hua's help.And I appreciate her help all the time.If you help others once,they will give you a hand when you are in trouble.So,it is obvious that everyone should be willing to help each other.
However,if people just care about themselves and not to help each other,one could be helpless when getting into trouble.What's more,people will find it hard to deal with some things on his own.
In a word,helping each other will make the world better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 35edfa55-7036-3ea3-b65d-daf3aa066bb7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We live in socity ,so we are not alone in this world, Helping each other is forever topic.
In my mermory ,a little thing still not faded. It is my first time to go to Beijing ,and no one came with me.When I felt tired standing In the bus with a heavy package, a friendly women stand up ,and offered to give a seet to me.I felt warm in my heart at that time,which can be describe as movement. She transmited the great mind to me.
people shoud be helping and caring each other. If we can do this without rewarding,we will feel the happiness of helping other.On the contrary,if we live in a world lacking care, everyone is self-fish. The world would be filled with dark shade,we can't find any something meaningful in that world. we lack excitement of live because we  can't find the value of ourselves by helping other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 70e0ea33-2fa6-37d8-896c-72429f1bb8e5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was ten years old,I need go to elementary school about 10km every morning on foot.But there was a big river on the way to the shool,and when summer is comming,the river was overflowed with the flood and it stop us from going school.So there was a man always helped
us to pass the river.But for his help,we can not arrived at school on time.From that time on,I think helping each other is very necessary for
our society,only everyone can help each other,our live condition will become better,or society will become obduracy,disharmonious.and the people become moer irresponsible.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8de16f0d-4a36-37d5-ac09-07432fbee6c5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Full the world with love
I have been educated High school for about a year.But the friends,the things happen between us always occure to my mind.That was a winter.We are doing sports on the ground.There were some glossy ice on the ground.Carelessly,I fall down,and hurt my leg.And I find I can not syand! But I have them, my friends. Those two monthes,they care for me,bring food to me.How beautiful the friendship is,and the help !
Try to think about it.If there is no friendship no help,what will the world become!Friendship and the help are a bridge between us people,expecially us friends.So show your hand out,and help the people who need help.Then you will find the world become more and more beautiful!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c4324b89-53e5-3ae3-af69-c52f6be48081> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everybody will come accross troubles and look for someone's help. Everything in our life is not arranged or expected, and we are also not live individually. So we should help each other in our daily life. As we all know help others is help ourselves.
As for me, the most unforgettable thing is when I was in low spirits, Mrs Zuo would always  comfort me and help me out the sadness. It is my first time going to Beijing and living with classmates who are almost citizens. At the beginning, I was very sad and felt out of place with each other all the time. Mrs knew the problem of me and talked with me and comforted me. Besides, everyone in my class are all friendly and understanding, we are always going shopping and have lunch with each other. Gradually, I get used to the life in Beijing. I am very graduate about everyong of my class and teachers. I feel very happy now.
What I want to say is that we should help each other in our life, everyone needs others help, we live in a family not in individual. Giving someone a hand and our life will become more bright.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 75467f7a-d8ca-36f5-8bea-fa6b1d8cd6c5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I used to dropped into a fishpond , and the people around the fishpond helped me to get out of it.
So I think people’s help in our lives is very important. We have to learn to help each other, and it will add some luck to your character .It is a society should become in the future .And the world will become harmony.
Maybe one day, people won’t help each other, and the world will become terrible. People will always think about themselves, and never take care of you. People can’t survive only by themselves. One day, when the disaster comes about, how can human live through the difficulties.
So we should help each other in our lives.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a03a5fdf-1cd5-3b43-9a1f-14913bec11af> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last year,I was in the high school.I once was worried about my study.
When I had problems,my frends always helped and encouraged me. They taught me what I didn't understand in the free time.Thanks to them,I comed in the great university.
When we help each other,others will be in the hearts of warmth,and others help us, our hearts will also comfort. Perhaps, you see insignificant to the point, it will be bring timely assistance to each other like warmth. Helping and being helped are the same happy. Our entire community is it not the case? If each one of us can give a little bit of love, is there any  advantage we can be difficult? Our society will be a better picture. Let us love all over every corner of the world!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID dc23cc32-45af-358f-9d6f-974089608392> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One morning in last summer holiday,I got up very early in order to rush to the supermarket to buy some flesh vegetable.I wandered in the vegetable corner and picked up some vegetable,than turned to the cash register as I do usually."32.5￥,please."The salesclerk said.I reached to my wallet but,there was nothing in my poket!I thought for several seconds and realized  I was so hurried that I forgot my wallet.What should I do now?It was too far from the supermarket to my house and I really didn't want to fetch the wallet.However,something embaressing is that there were many people stood in line after me and the salesclerk stared at me almost lost her patience.Alright,I'd go home and picked my wallet,I thought.But at this very moment,a gentle woman paid the money for me and smiled.I thanked her a lot.
It maybe a little thing for the woman but it left a deep inpression in my mind. If people in the whole society can always help each other,we're sure to lead a better life.The more we do,more hamornious the society will be.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a28f688e-8347-3ec2-8375-cbd1abe16e37> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I suddenly memoried about the time when I was in senior high school,and I seemed to attend the examination for college. Unfortunatly,I got up of the bed late .I was so worried that I didn’t want to joined it .Finally,I decided to go but with tears.
At the same time, a taxi driver saw me friendly and said to me: “Don’t worry,my dear ,it’s not too late,come on ,I would drive you there.At that time, I just like seeing the sunshine. I pushed down my tears and went to the examination room with the warm-hearted uncle.
That day,I answer the text paper with my indebted heart.Finally,I conquer myself.I won the exam.So thank you very very much, my dear uncle.You help me overcome the weakness .You gave me the powerful confidence.So thank you.
And now I thought that we should care about each other in our daily life.If the society don't have any careness, the world will be grary.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 66b17c70-65d5-30c3-8e67-39f526d51a9b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a child, I often had some mistakes, but my friend tom usually helped me. One day ,I found my pen lost,and I couldn't remember where I set it. Then my friend tom helped me to find out the pen,I was extremely happy.
Helping each other has become a matter of concen for college students.It must be the basis of estanlishing a harmonious society in the long term.If we lose it,it may performs a destructive fuction on our society.For example ,if an old folk fall over on street,but no one wants to help him ,the elder who may have some diseases is likely to died.If we are not cocerned about others,our society will be confusion. The creime will get increase,  It's not we want to see.So help each other as you can,it is an advisable choice.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2af2f39c-1f5f-3978-84f0-763c30fabdf9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Frustrations company us to grow,no one can escape from encountering all kinds of difficulties.When we are in drouble,we should face up to it and get over it with our effort.But sometimes our own power is too weak to defeat to frustrations,so the encourage and help given by others become very important.
Once I took the bus to school.But when I got on the bus ,I found I forgot my purse at home. I was so vexatious that don not know what to do. At this time a lady behind me handed over a coin to me. I was so surprised and thanked her for her kind.
Everyone should encourage and help each other.Without love and help,
the society will bland.Aad when we are in trouble ,no one will help us.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ae184169-a6af-3242-9547-ae8aa3242694> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Some times, what you remember is not a very exciting thing. Maybe a little thing is deserved remembered.
When I was a high school student, I was walking on the way to school. Suddenly, the heaven became dark and rained heavily. It is not a good thing to walk in such a heavy rain. But I had to get to school quickly. So I began to run in the rain. As the saying goes that “Every dog has it’s day”. I heard that “Hi, come here, WangYe”. I knew it’s my classmate as soon as I heard the sound. So I and he went to school together.
I think it is high time that we should realize the impotence of helping each other. If we do not care about others, the world will become more apartness and you will not feel happy. So we should do our best to help each other if you can do it. Only in this way, our world will be more beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 1aa7d6f5-e9ac-309e-8bfe-a29af28ad5c6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
People are the kind of animal that live together. So when people get into trouble, we should do our best to help each other. And this is what we should do as a people. The society is a family of us. If we want our family to become more warm. We should help others when they meet difficulties. And we also should be concerned about others.
As we know, people need help, but if we are helped by others, we should thank them from our hearts. Whether you know the case of pengyu happened in Nanjing. The case has made the moral of our society back up twenty years. And this is the sequent that we don’t care others.And if there is lack of care in our society, we will lose what is most important to us. It is love.
Finally ,I tell a story that happened one year ago. when I go to attended a test. but my bike is destroy. Finally it is a stranger help me. And I know the power of love

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cf878e7e-ae0d-3db3-ad0c-4d92c8eebabf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As a person who live in society, we always help others and get the help from others too.
In my daily life, I get the help from my parents, friends, and so on. But what impressed me a lot is my classmate help me with my study. On day in the winter I catched a bad cold and I have to be in hospital for a long time. What worried me a lot is if I could not appeared to courses when I was in the hospital my study would surely went down. But my classmates came to my room at night and help me with the courses.
That time made me feel great with the help from others. In my opinion, we should offer our help others to the best of our ability frequently.
I can’t imagine what the society would be if we all ignore others’ trouble. I think it would surly be a dark time for us ,any of us would be cold blood, just like corpses.
So let’s offer our help to others ,let’s make life more shiny.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e5171ac9-5f6c-3671-84b0-f7791fe5d520> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There are mang moving things happened around me,but the most impressive is a scene which happened in a winnter.
That's a cold winnter morning,I was walking along the street with my mind out of my body.As soon as I walked across the steet,a taxi sputted towards to me and I was too fritened  to stand steadyly,My leg colided at the wayside ,It's too pain that I can't bear.But thanks to God ,the driver didn't hit me or I would never know what happened afterwards.
I washelped up by a strange student.His smile is so sunny ,His shirt is so clean ,His hand is so warm that I will never forget.He sended me to the chool hospital and call my parents.I think he must be a warmheart boy.Every one should study from the thing that helping will make others warm although it's winnter.
If there was not he passes me at the right time ,my leg will be hurted serious.If the society lose the warmheart, what will it become?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7731b083-4a87-33fc-9725-2d3803cfce26> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once I went to school by bus in a hurry, I found I didn’t carry my bus card when I got on the bus. In that case, I feel really nervous and embarrassed, but one of the passengers pay my fare when he notice my inquietude. At that moment, I feel that my heart was filled with something warmest, that is the love and the sensation of help between strangers.
I ask myself frequently that what the world will be like if the concerns and the helps between people disappear? I can’t answer it because it quite terrible and unacceptable to all of us. Form one parts, you can’t trust anyone or tell your secret to your good friend because they will think it is not their business and they will not care about. Form another parts, we will be single in the world and feel loneliness no matter when. So, it is quite uncomfortable for us if the world lack of love and help.
We can’t accept the cold and no-help world, so we should do our best to build a warm and full-of-loves world for ourselves or for others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e1358443-dabc-3683-b4be-3d273bb92433> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in senior high school, because of the bad cold , I felt very bad. My deskmate found me being exhausted , then he asked that did I fell bad, so I just said I thought I was in bad cold. When the class was over ,and it was also the time for lunch, I felt despaired about the cold and hunger . Then something came to me ,he brought me some noodles and some medicine, which surprising me a lot. In that moment , I felt the warmth of helping each other.
Having experienced such a warm thing ,it touched my heart. It was just like a surprise ,even was such a warm surprise. As far as I am concerned, everyone will have problem they can’t solve by themselves. In this time ,their must have some person to help he or she to get over it , may be it just a small thing you will do .
On the other hand , when the world do not have help, everyone is just everyone, we can’t be seen as a society . Then everyone is just live for himself of herself .It will be so dark when we do not have emotion.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 304dfb79-ba8c-3528-9109-9be9d3a06961> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I remember that when I was 8 or 9 years old, playing with my friends. We ran happily in the yard. Suddenly, I was tripped by the tree root which made me hit on the ground heavily. Unfortunately, my head was broken by a stone. After the serious bloodshed, because of the pain and dread, I was crying. My friends didn’t know how to deal with this kind of condition. Then, a stranger held me in his arm and sent me to the hospital.
What I want to stress is that people should help and care about each other. Help is not a kind of ability that some people can’t do that. It’s an easy behavior that everyone can do if you want to.
If people don’t help each other, our society will become confusional. People in trouble will feel hopeless, and the peace won’t keep any more.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 67502b35-2998-38b8-a306-1e82de3e3a18> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The word we lived in need us to help each other,only in this way can we have our life happy and have our word harmonious.
ther are some things in my heart that is someone help me.One day,when I go to school buy bus ,it is occours to me that I have no money and I really didn't know how to make it,at the moment,a men with a smile who helped me.I'am very appreciate.
If there are no one help me in the bus what should I do,It is clearly to us the word need us to help each other so we can have a greatful life.In my opinion,if the cociety is cruel,no one want to help  each others,we will achieve nothing and the word will in the unhppy.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID d3601fba-1b05-3fc7-a14e-e98ea97dc0f0> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Every time when we meet a problem, we always hope someone could appear and help us. When I was in high school, there was a time I can’t study well. I can’t throw light on what teacher said in class and I can’t finish the homework correctly. I feel really bad during that time. My classmate saw that I was sad all the day. She wanted to help me and she told me that if I had something unable to understand I could ask her. After that we studied together, we recited the words and did the exercise together. Gradually I can catch up with others. I really appreciate it that she helped me.
We all need help sometimes, and we should always be ready to help others. So that when you are in trouble, you will be helped. Think about that if everyone doesn’t help others, what the word will be like. Helping other not only gives a hand to other people but it can make you happy. I believe that helping makes the world warmer.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 904ec55d-bb7d-3bf6-a15e-5e5d9d694f39> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
About a year ago,when I was in my high school,I had a bad cold and in midnight I had a fever.And one of my roommates found it.Then they called two boys in my class and sent me to the hospital.They took care of me in their time for break,which moved me.
We live in the same world,and we can't be us without communication with others.We should learn to each other.Helping each others something which makes us attach to each other.And it is also the communication of hearts.Give others roses;we will also have the nice taste in our hands.What we gain is not a little from heiping eachers.
If we are short of helping each others,the society would be cold.Give a hand to some who need it,our world would be batter and better and we will also gain happiness.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5d2e31f1-d64f-3ed2-afc0-e2558d05712e> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I am in trouble,there are always kind people who gives you a hand. Once I lost my wallet carelessly in the street. There were many important things in it, such as ID card. When I was in the bus, buying tickets,I find that I lost my wallet.Quickly I run back the street,I saw that an old man smiled at me and put the wallet to me. Without my thanks,he walked away.He was just waiting for me!
As we konw,people should help each other.Without that,what will the society be like? At least I know that I would lost my wallet forever.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8bd63721-9624-3108-87e8-436f708aae1d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in grade 3 of high school, I had an illness and had to received an operation. because my body situation was not good, so i had to stay at hospital and could not got to school. I was anxious because the university entrance exam was coming. But my friends told me that they would help me to catch the studying. When I was back to school, I found that my friends help me write all subjects' notes. And after school they help me take my bag and send me to home.
I was moved by my friends about what they did, and i think help others is a happy thing which we should do. We live in the society and one day ourselves may have an accident, at that time ,you will feel the hands they give you is very warm. so the hands you give to others when there are in trouble is warm too.
Nowadays we are appealing to built a harmonious society, in that society ,all of us should help others. We can imagining if we live in a society which everybody just think themselves. no one give seats to the olds or the pregnant women ,no one help to catch a thief when your thing was stolden. That is terrible. Helping other is easy, just take your hands and your warm hearts, you can help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5bf868db-7780-3fb4-89bb-e216cd217b8b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Last Sunday, I went to BeiHai park myself. There is very beautiful, but I lost my interesting because I lost my purse. How to eat and how to go to my university? I was very upset and did not know what should I do. In this case, one women, in my mother’s age, saw me upset so that she talked about me. After knowing me case she gave me 20 yuan so I can go back. I am very happy and thank her very much.
People should help each other in daily life. Everyone may be in difficult and need someone to help. So we should do our best to help. In this way, the world will become beautiful haven.
On the other hand, if everyone do not to help anyone. Our world will be hell and people would not like live in this world. People are selfish there and everyone will be devil.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID abd18944-88b8-34e5-93c6-3cca8e01f957> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
At the age of 7, I got the greatest help of my life. That happpened in a dark night when I am stay home alone. I am not a quiet girl in my childhood, so that night is a good time for me to start my own exproration. I expored every corner of my house, but found nothing. However, when I got a glimpse of the outside,I found a shining part on the eave of the under house.I was so curious that I ttried my best to get it. Suddenly, I fell down from the window, actually from 2nd floor to the land. The huge panic of bones of my leg had made me cry. Maybe I really cried in a loud voice, my neighbour finally noticed me and sent me to the hospital at once. Then my parents came, I got saved luckily.
I really felt grateful to my neighbour, without them, coulden't imagine how long I would cry and how much panic I would endure. Their help let me know that it is important for people to help each other, for every one needs help some time.If there is no help in our world,every person just cares about himself, the power of human will increase, and we will find we can do nothing. Besides, negtive emotions will also fill up the world, and human society will be in a mass. Therefore, only give help ,can we get help.In that way, the social can run soomthly.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 448ce252-022a-3457-847c-6faa62a55c07> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Many years later, when I recall it, it seems to be happened yesterday.
When I was in six grand, one day, I found it was rainy, but I didn’t brought my umbrella., so I stood in the door of our classroom with a state of afraid. Then there came a voice”can we go together?” a girl asked me. I was very thankful with her. She was in white like an angle.
She made me know it is a happy thing to help others when someone is in trouble. We should make our efforts to do our helps .Thinking if there are no help, no care, what the world will be like?

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 36deee0d-8826-3ea4-a166-939d6d6765a7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was afternoon when I finshed my work and go home.I was living in a  poor countryside where have not bus so that I have to walk 5 kilometres.But when I fell exhaust a car stop beside me and the driver said:"can I help you."After awhile,I had a lunch with my children.Thanks for his help altrough I did not know whom he was.
In our lifes we usually have some difficultis which we can not conqur but others can do it easily.So we need others help.The same to us if we can help others other people alse will help us when we need help.If all of us can help each other we will have a good life.
But if all of us do not care others the world will be fill in dark.We need love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID f0589000-ee83-38d1-82d8-7499917bfd7c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Sometimes I feel very lonely, because I am a silent boy and I never talk to other one forwardly. In the school, I usually sit alone, keep quiet and fix my eyes on the desk, doing nothing. My classmates don’t like to talk to me. They all regard me as a monster, a very quiet and dangerous monster. As for this, I haven’t gone to the classmates’ party. Of cause, I don’t care, just a little disappointed. But when I went to Grade 2 in the high school, things became different from ever.
One day, the old pedant (my teacher in charge of the class) took a big boy into the classroom.
He told us this guy was our new member, and he arranged the new one sitting my side. After that day, I have the first friend.
He has a strange family name, Yao. I haven’t heard this surname in the past. And he has some larruping things attracting me like his name. He is conversable and never feels shy whatever happened. He was popular with us. What’s more, he don’t hate me. He took me joined the party and encourage me talk to others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6d37e9df-2ee0-30f1-919c-c70ccb94421b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once in high school ,I got a cold.My classmates help me buy medicine to cure it. It's very essential to help each other for all members in our society only because that we are a whole and the relation among us is close .All of us have a common fate.We must learn to be kind and friendly to others though we may be unknown before.The kind is like the sunlight of hope to give one confidence.We can't be the one who is selflish and greedy. And we should not only give a hand only to our friends or families but should to all the people. It's the true kind.If we don't help each oher,the interests' of all of us will be harmed.Frost will fill in our siciety which damages everyone in the end. So we should show kind and refuse forst. And it's the reason why we need help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3f48b3b3-4b9d-3195-a73e-f0e613cde369> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I will never forget that evening,when she helped me and warmed me so deeply.It's my first time getting away of home for a long time,and wiwh a serious stomache,I felt scared,desperate and helpless,cring continually.She happened to come in,rushed towards me and calmed me down with tender sounds.Through my tear-eyes,I watched she was busied in boiling water,finding medicine and so on.I chocked up again,not because of hurt,for her kind help.
I really felt greatful for her,and I determinded to help others as her since then.Why not?People are bond to take care and hlod up each other,to warm others and own heart.
Can you image a world without careness?people all are strangers and frost.How terrible it will be.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 97ce3b3a-1498-305f-a308-10b815f14c25> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
On a sunny day of my holiday, I took a subway along to meet my friend. After passing several stations, thinking that I would get to my destination soon, I made a call to my friend. But when I reached my pocket to take out my mobile phone, it was tragedy that my mobile disappeared. I hurried to explain my situation to a girl beside me and ask her to call my number. She agreed at once without other words. When I heard the ring singing in the bottom of my bag, I felt relaxed. I thanked the girl who helped me and get out of the subway.
Everyday in our daily life, we may face some difficulties and we need the help from people around us. Sometimes we get help from others and sometimes we send help to others. If everyone in society is warm-hearted and always gets ready to help each other, the society will become more peaceful and there will be a world of harmony.
If we don’t care about others, only thinking about ourselves, the society will be a cold place without warmth and love. If we always ignore the request of others, we will never get the attention from others when we need help. There will be a world of tragedy.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 303f5baf-7839-39e2-9dd4-2d2e9782326c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As we all know, we need others help us when we meet with troubles.
I have this experience when I studied in high shcool. One day our English teacher handed out a text paper. She hope us throw light on what  what we had learned this week through finishing this test paper.
So we all started to finish it. After a while, I met some problems about the usage of Remember. I can't understand it. My classmate saw this istance. So he told me all he knew .
With his help, I solved my problems. It made us all happy. Because I learned knowledge and he review the usage of bemember.
So we should help each other and care for others. Bucause it can make world  warmer and let us feel happier. If not, we are selfish. The world will be very turbid. And we will not feel comfortable and happy. It makes us hate this world not loving it.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 54690c26-0dce-3b3d-b9eb-4659deea0a4d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As far as I’m concerned，I think helping each other is the most important thing we should to learn and do every day. Because every coin has two sides and everyone might be in trouble one day. If you are facing a problem and can’t solve it by yourself well, you would want to turn to someone and get a favor. I think it’s a common.
Once I left our beautiful campus for Tian An Men Square and decided to have a nice weekend. I did a good planning for it. But it didn’t going well as my minding. When I was about to take the underground railway, I found I couldn’t get the right subway line or direction any more suddenly. I felt so worried and terrible right away that I can’t calm down for recalling the correct name of the station that I got from the Internet last night. So I had to turn to someone that can help me. At that time, an old man walked to me slowly and asked that if I need some help or not because he saw me with a not good look on my face. So, I told him about my problem and ask to him for help. After that, I think you must be aware about the next scene of this story. After expressing my thanks, I left the station and was on my right way. Finally, I had a wonderful day on Tian An Men Square.
Now, I want to say that helping each other is very, very important thing for everyone to do. It isn’t only the thing we should do, bust also the thing we have to do for the requirement from human beings.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b57e335a-2b77-31a5-8ea6-aed33545b176> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In fact, I'm not good at computer.But after attending to college,it's necessary for me to
take command of it.To begin with, I was wooried about it. But fortunately I finally got help from one of my roommate.And even just now, she was still helping me with my computer.She is really clever and patient.What's more, she is also kind and we stay with each other almost everyday.And I think it's quite precious for me to have such a friend in my college life.
As far as I'm concered we should help each other.First of all,it's possible for everyone to get into trouble and at that time you will need others help.Secondly, it will also make you feel happy if you have helped someone. Last but not in the least, it will make our society more harmony and make the whole world more beautiful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9eeb34ba-5ff2-30e6-9379-fe3a53dd3372> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One time when I was in my senior high school, I went through difficult stuffs. One morning, I felt quite sick and got a headache, so I didn’t go to school and walk directly to the hospital. Because of that, I missed the class and didn’t know how to deal with the homework. By the time I got worried, a friend of mine called me and told me what our teachers said during the lesson. I deeply felt warm and moved at that time.
Like the examples above, everyone should help and care more about each other. As an old saying goes, “helping others is helping yourself.” There is no denying that we will also feel happy and warm after giving others help especially when people are really in trouble.
However, if everyone just considers about their own jobs without caring about others. Could you imagine how hard and weird the society would be?  When we meet troubles and difficulties, nobody will come to help us, we have to suffer them ourselves. How cold the world will be if these kinds of thing come to real.
So it’s essential to help others and only in this way could we have a harmonious society.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 888fb965-c08b-34b3-a1f8-c142447ca0f5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I remember that was a raining day, after text and I want to play basketball the whole afternoon. It was sunning at first, but soon begins to rain. By a mistake, I slip down on the ground and hurt of course. That was a serious hurt, I can’t even get up by myself. Suddenly a man happens in the rain who takes me to the hospital. He just saw me from a long distance.
So I have known that if we can give our hands to each others in the world, even there are all small things. But they can really make our life full of sunshine, trust me. Help is a way of living, a position way, it like the spring can give me happiness and also love.
I hardly think of a society lack of help and kindness, a hell it will be. People will just care about themselves, even the spring will never be beautiful any more. We will like the dogs and bite each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 67724974-aede-32f9-9be8-9ecaf5603fc4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As known to us all,it's necessary for us to help each other.not only can we make friends with others,but also we can gain true happiness.
everone could in trouble,I'm not exception.when I came to the university,I'm very nervous.for the strange situation,theunfamilar people and so on.How terrible it is!I was lost my way.suddendly,a young girl walked to me.she is also the fresherman in the university.Fortunately,we all do what we can to help each other , carring the luggage ,studying with each other made us be best friends.I gained the wealth,the spirtual wealth,the true wealth!
caring for each is good for the improvment of society.   If we help each other ,our society will full of love.However,if we cannot help each other,our society will be not hurmonious and many people will commit a crime,it's harmful for the development of our society.So, helping others and do what you can ,I believe you will be riched in spirtual.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 55b73a46-550b-3192-8312-156cd9517f52> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in pmimary school, I was not good at math.I aways felt annoyed about my math grades.Luckily, when I was in grade four, a new classmate came to my class.We soon became good friends.He was very good at math ,so I always asked him about math questions.He was wiiling to help me.With the help of him, I gradully became good at math.At the same time, I helped him with his English for I was good at it.Later,we both successfully went to key middle school.In my opinion,I think people should help with each other.It's necessary for us to help and get help.When it comes to society,people also need to help with each other. If we don't help with each other,the develpment of society can not continue.On the other hand,the atmosphere of friendly can not be formed.Thus,we should help with each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b576ce4a-01ba-35b4-832f-57eeed022c1b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
everyone, who lives in the world, should help each other.
Once, I went to the library to buy some books.On the way there,I fell down in a swimming pole carelessly,and I was hurt heavily.Then ,Ididn't know how to deal with it.Luckily,A man passing by helped me.He examined my wound and took me to the hospital.He is a good man, I still remember his fase until now and I will never forget.
You help me,I will help you. People should help each other and care for each other.Helping a person who is in trouble would make the world more beautiful. At the same time,if we help others,wo would excite ourselfies.
I can't imagine what the world would be,if there is no careness around.At that time ,people would live all alone,which would be a terrible thing.
Help other frome now.At first ,help people around yourself.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6c8ac0c1-b6e7-3d7d-9a67-c3d086998cdc> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was young, my ankle has been hurt because of the too much pressure brought by sports. When I was playing basketball, all of a sudden, my ankle had strained badly even I could heard the sound of the bones. I couldn’t stand without the help of others. Finally , I was supported by them and sent to the hospital. I was very appreciate for the actions of my friends. Doctor said that if it had not been for them, my ankle would have never recover to the level before injury.
We live in the society with relationships. We can’t avoid making touch with others. Therefore, we are supposed to support each other, trust each other and care of each other.
All in a word, it’s harmony.
Can we imagine a world without care and love?  That would be terrible. When we’re in trouble, we can’t ask for helps from others. Moreover, when comes to the projects, it can be pretty difficult to accomplish on one’s own. Isn’t it inefficient? In my opinion, only when we get together and contribute our intelligence can we have a big step on what we work for.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e1898988-0af5-3051-8a24-fad9b8cd73dd> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We can't avoid meeting obstacles in our life.
Last summer, I came to Beijing for study .It was the first time that I left home and lived without the company of my parents.Unfamiliar to the new environment,I felt lonly and frustrated.However,there are always someone who is willing to lend you a hand when you are facing difficluties.It seemed that my roomates realized my symptoms of homesick.These kind girls came to talk with me about what they felt and  how to overcame the disappointment.After that ,I learned that there was still somenone who cares me. Gradually, I accepted  and began to enjoy my new life.
Don't be hesitate to care people who are in troubles.If every one of us makes s little change, the society will be better.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4e56539d-76e1-3f15-9b4d-7db1f2fef531> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Our country is a harmony society.So we should get along well with others and help each other.
Remerber once,I went out to repair my mobile telephone.But when I went back and got on the bus,I found  my mobile telephone and burse are lost.And my money is all in my burse,so I can't go back to school and get contact with my friends and my family.I was so anxiety,and didn't know what I can do.Saw I was anxiety and I can't get into the bus.A men  borrow me some money and mobile telephone,so I can went back to school  safely.
Our society can not lack helpness so that we should show our helping hands in time when someone is in need.Only doning this,our country can be harmonious and poverful.And we can only live happy by that.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 93e8c2f7-f953-3cd7-aa92-059a0ad68e90> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Helping each other is a way to make friends.I study in the most without power,one of my friends in my side.Encourage me and support me,help me,tell me after despair is hope.Because of this,I won't give up,and to  get back.
I think, if every one only cares about himself, there won’t be friendship. We won’t make friends by heart. It is so strange of the world. It is disappointed.
If lack of care about each other,the world will not be full of love and sunshine.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a8ce9465-473b-3786-a898-c4fff54972d6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone will have some problem which they can not solve by themselves.One day,I was in the way to TaiShan.There were seven hours
before arriving the city.So I had to eat in the train.When I was hunger I found lost my food.AT that time ,a student gave me some pieces of bread with saying notihing.The bread was half of her food.I was very thankful and appreciated.
I think ,we should help and care the person who are at need if we can solve the problem.EVery one of us maybe will have some trouble in study,in life or other things sonner or later.If we don't,and then others won't give us help too.And I cann't imagine our society would became what.
so please be accommodated.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 50936cf7-293d-370f-b6b2-e2b2e9f7136a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Each time that I pass by the hospital will remind
me of my friends. Last month, unfortunately, I got illed. My friends were anxious to send me to the
hospital and took good care of me.
As far as I am concerned, people should help with
each other. However, recent years have witnessed such a phenomena that many people rufuse to give a helping hand even neighbors.The most unfortunate thing was that an eldly man fell down in the street, no one passing by intended to help the old for they were afraid of extortion even on the condition that the old promised not to extort anyone. And finally a foreigner supported her with hand.
If people lack concern of others in the society, the society will lack harmony, not to speak of development.And helping others is a kind of viture of our nation. We have the responsibility to inherit it.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID ce0be081-c5f7-32e9-b27f-13f32ddb1a1b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It was my first year in my college life. The summer vacation was coming. I brought my large suitcases and waited in the waiting room at the train station. When I was in my hurry to catch the train, suddenly my package broke and things all fell on the ground. At that time, the volunteer came to me and helped me lifted my rest suitcases until I got on the train. I was really thankful and said a lot of "thank you". Without his help, I would miss the train. From this experience, I find that we should help each other in this big family--society. If our society is lacking of help and concern, people will get sucked in various difficulties and won't get a good development in themselves. We must hand in hand and try our best to build a world which is full of love and hope. With it, our life will be more and more brighter.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 5928f907-d1d7-3748-8a4c-3a0c5d2f7271> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Tom is my best friend and he is also my classmate. He is one of the best student in my class and he is kind and friendly. Whenever you need help he will always be there for you.
I still remember the day when I first came into the class, I am a new to the class,so a nasty boy named Jack decided to pick on me. Tom quickly told me which avoid a joke on me.
Thanks to Tom, I can have a happy beginning of my class.
We should help each other and care for each other.If we don't do it,the relation between people and people will be distant.We won't own happiness of helping others.
Helping others is a fantastic thing. It can not only help the one who is in need but also give you the feeling of satisfaction. People should care about each other and help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 6a79a05c-2954-3542-b51f-9873379e10ab> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We should always ready to help others. Because everyone would be in trouble. Three years ago, when I played basketball with my friends, unfortunately, I broke my nose. And the blood flowed like a river. Then my friends took me to the hospital as soon as possible. So I was treated in time.
After that, I know people should care for each other and help each other. If there is someone helping you when you are in trouble, you will feel warm. If there is nobody helping you when you are in trouble, you will be sadder and disappoint.
If people are all selfish, the society would be cold blood and people would be very negative. So we should give our love to others, and then the world will be better and better. Love is helping. Love is dedication. Love is love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b3667af3-84b6-3f18-9692-c6e89118630a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When came into university, to be honest, I am not used to adapting to life in university. It is erratically, and I am not familiar with the environment and people around me. Everything was unknown.
I talked about my difficulty with my friends, they told me that the environment is changing, we must change ourselves to adapt to new environment, to make new friends. What’s more, I am in Beijing, where the least news come about. I should catch hold of it to make my news fresh. After then , they often call me, asking about what I considered.
They gave me a hand when I am in trouble, the warm occurred me now and then. I think they are my friends forever. I think when they have problems, I will also help them.
The society is such that we give a hand to others. I can’t imagine what will happen if the warm and help disappeared in our life. So let’s try our best to help people around us whether we known each other or not.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 55abda4d-2a28-3e3e-a0f9-339a15f3df94> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
The recent difficulty I was confronted with can trace back to the beginning of my  last semester . When I was in military training , I got my knee injured. At that moment , I was stuck there . Instantly ,two warm-hearted students found me in trouble . Then , they reported my condition to the drillmaster and sent me to the school hospital. When I relieved from the pain , I realized that I should express my appreciation to them ,but only to find that they had already gone slightly without disturbing me.
From that abrupt incident , I have learnt more about the people around us. Originally , I always regarded other people as cold-blooded and distant .But after experiencing this timely rescue , I think I am willing to believe that the intangible but harmonious relationship in  our neighborhood. It's essential for  society members to form such a good virtue . And people should care about each other , and when difficulty coming , we can give a thick palm to other people.
I can't imagine the world without  help ,that seems horrible. So stretch out your arms , give a hand to someone in trouble ,and I believe in that the world we live in will become more and more harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bc1c6fe9-79e3-36e9-807a-4ab5773c40fd> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It’s always said that no one is an island. As a member of the collective, it goes without saying that we should help each other.
Once when I was a middle school student, on my way to Taiyuan to visit my father, I deeply felt asleep. When I woke up, unfortunately, I found my mobile phone stolen, which was the only way for me to contact with my father. Thanks to a college student who lent me his mobile phone to make a call. And what’s more, he didn’t leave me until my father finally met me at the platform. The thief really made me feel cold of the society. However, the student warmed me.
It’s needless to say that what a difficult situation I would have to face without other’s help. People do should care each other as well as help each other. We can’t be so selfish that we only care of ourselves, regardless of others. Otherwise, the society will be a one lacks warmth. Besides, what we have to face everyday is the cold buildings and colder strangers. No one wants to live in such a cold world.
Life is like a mirror which reflects what you give it. Thus, please care and help others around you. They will certainly return you the same friendship. Only in this way, can the society be more harmonious and easier to live in.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID bda6653f-6a62-305d-a779-d340ab4b17f1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day of three years age,I was injured seriously by a stone and blood was flowing out.Fear and helpless came over me and my mind was blank suddenly.Just when one of my classmates saw me and took me to hosipal without any hesitation.Thanks to his quick rescue,I recovered quickly.I am grateful at  his help.
Through this thing,I know it is very necessary for people to help each other.When someone is in trouble,your help maybe make him get out of the trouble.I believe care will never disappear,opposite,it will pass on from one people to another.Only everyone can behave as a helper,our world will be more harmonious.
To be honst,I cannot imagine what if there is no concern among people.Assuming that is true,I think three will never be any relationships in our world and people is just like stone which have no  emotion.How terrible it is!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 3dd7241d-8492-3775-bcb7-117cff490340> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Life always be up and down . When we get into some trouble , it is a fortunate that receiving other's hand.
There was a hard but happy time I would never forget, during which my trouble was solved by an anonymous. My childhood memory is about my grandpa's commnity . Every summer I would play in the commity. One day , I was riding a bike , suddenly there is a barrier on the road ,which I coundn't go across . As the idea that I couldn't go back home hit my mind , I cried. Luckily, a madam gave me a hand , moving my bike over the barrier .
on society, we shouldn't selfish. Everyone sure would meet difficulties. We should learn to help other , so that others would help us.
without cares between each other , everyone feel lonely and desparate when they get trouble.
Try your best to help others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e1ab6521-c83b-3ac3-9a98-5c71b64b27e5> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was a senior high school student,once I had problem on math.My friend C who topped our class taught me patiently.With her help,I understood and got steady improment gradually.As we all know,people should help each other and care each other.Helping others can make us warm and it also brings us happiness.If the world lacked concern ,the society would become cold and dire . People would keep their eye on the ball each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 2a924485-d3db-3e06-ad00-4c2cc25174b6> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There is always something unforgetable for us.I am a generous guy,I don't have any idea about how many people to whom I have given my help.Nevertheless,I am always impressed deeply by people who do me a favor.And there is one,actually two,for whom I will be grateful forever
They are my parents.Of course parents always love their children,of course people think it's extremely normal that parents do kids' favor,of course..........Yet I still want to write here.
My parent realy help me a lot.They try to tell me the meaning of love ,encourage me to explore my own world,tech me ABCs of the nature.Well,when I made troubles,they always taught me right from wrong.
In the last few years.I was always thinking my parents were so prim,so traditional,so stupid.Everything they suggested was wrong!I must be against it!During that time,I felt rebellious blood rushing under my skin.
Now I'm far away from my home town and become an adult in my mind.I miss my hometown,I miss my hometown.I realized how stupid I was.
I wanna say thank you to you,mother and father,thank you for understanding and never giving me up.I love you!!!!!!!!!!!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 488af472-db65-3feb-9446-be7f14cc0dc7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in the junior high school, one day after school, I was
ready to go home, but when I walked up to my bicycle, I realized that my bike's chain is broken, I was so sad, because if so I could't go back home. Suddenly, my classmate Chen was happen to here, and saw me.
Then he helped me to repair the chain, after a little, my bike is repaired. I was very happy and thanked him so much.
Through this little thing, I realized that people should help each other, and care about each other. And only everyone do this, our lives will be better and better.
If our society is short of care, everyone thinks of himself, our lives will be too bad. Our society will change to a stoniness, deathly stillness society.
So in order to make our world a beautiful, warm, happy world, everyone should do what he can do to help others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e69034d0-7495-3252-a4d4-caaa42742506> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Recently,my teather gave us a difficult task that to finish the English paper and math paper during a weekend. However,it is unlikely that i accomplish it by myself, because my english is poor.So,in order to compense for what i had missed in earlier years, I would have to work harder,and study longer,than anybody else.  Furthermore,it is not effective because my English basic is very poor.
however,my  classmate IiMing's English is very good,my math is so good, and he is willing to give me  a hand, so we help each other,finally,we finish the task well.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID cf2f25e4-1afb-3e66-964c-a1255dd5ce67> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
We need help each other when we live in the world, if we all ignore others' pain and do nothing when others are in difficulty, the world will become dark and there will be more people being hurt by apartness.
I was extremely delicate when I was a child. So some students often played tricks on me.I didn't know how to defend them,so what I can do is only sumit to humiliation.But one day ,when I was tricked by others, a classmater came to prevent them.Actually, he failed and was tricked by others too.In the end ,we laughed at each other. After that, I was still tricked by others,but he always companyed with me.
People need help each other, if you have helped others, maybe someday they will help you when you fail,the world will become warm by helping each others.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID a7662968-ffbc-32a2-80f4-787631828ba1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Our society is a harmony society.We human beings live with others who we know or don't know.So we need get great along with other people,such as,helping each other.
Remember once,I was late for school so much so that I took the taxi  only to lose my mobile phone in the taxi.As the class began,I came over realizing that my lost phone.Due to my hurry,no evidence about the taxi remained.As I came to despresion,my classmate who has my phone numbers told me that a taxi driver said he was waiting for me outside.I am grateful to his helping.
Assuming that the driver left away with my phone instead of waiting for me,I would say goodbye to my phone.He might got a little profit.But if the case was reversal,the driver would feel the same with me.So,regardless of whoever,helping others even strangers can make the society more harmany and happy.We help others,then ohters may not people we help them will help us too.It's a process we pass our help
and love.If the love disappears,the soceity will trap into a chaos that
people only care about their own cases.Helping is a good way to make harmony society I think.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 51f37b4f-8cfd-3ee0-a831-e3fb815f1c19> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
At a time,I just get up .I don't become normal.so, I pack up my bag hurrily,and run to the classroom.when I sat in the classroom,I found my  math book not in my bag. then ,I was so disappointed.there was no choice to phone the roommate and asked them to bring my book to me.
but ,my book maybe was placed in the cornor.so, my roommate found it so long.because of it, he was late .I'm very glad to have this roommate.
In my opinion,I think that people should help each others when he dorpped into the diffculties.we should take care of others and help them solve some problems.
If the world luck of the help, it would become what? Maybe everyone was thumb to others and don't pay attention to others.one day, when you  dorpped into the cave of the problems, you will find there is no people to help you and you are alone.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID fbd69a5b-048f-37cf-8260-ce16636f70d7> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Now our country is building the harmonious society,So be happy to help each other should be a basic request for us.
Once in amoment I remember that's in the Beijing Olympic Games.I was gonging to see a swimming match in the Water Cube with my brother.But I got lost when I got off the underground train.We were hurried and were scared of missing the game.So we come to the volunteers for help.He is a sunny boy and was very glad to show us the way.He discribed patiently and clearly.And with his help,we find the water cube easily and enjiyed our game.
Our society can not lack helpness so that we should show our helping hands in time when someone is in need.Only doning this,our country can be harmonious and poverful.
Trying to imagine that there was little helpness in our life，the world will become what？I think we can't live in that distant world.Our human beings will going to die.
All in all,we should help each other at anytime and anywhere.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 049b7121-ea3c-3ec4-89f1-78365dd4d407> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In our daily time, every person is getting along with others. So we should help each other when the difficulties come to us. From my perspective, helping others means helping yourselfs. Many time have I turned to my deskmate for help when I faced prblems in my study. She was always very partient with me and never made any complaints.
She said it was not s waste of time helping other, and instesd, she could have deeper comprehension of the khowlegde. She believed helping others woule benifit yourself as well. Be ready to provide assistance to others, and then will come to your aid when you are in trouble. What is more important is that doing others a faver leaves considerable satisfaction and happiness with us. We feell we are needed and respected.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 14a9d3c4-0923-3627-90a7-47d579158c9d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Once I failed in my chemical exam in my senior school, I was so depressed that I had stayed silence for two weeks------no talks with everyone. But I was lucky. My best friend didn’t abandon me and helped me with his patience. Step by step, I was stimulated by him and plucked up courage to study. Finally I have conquer the difficulties and made a progress.
In fact, everyone should hold a heart helping others. We live in a huge society and we are all connected. One cannot solve every problem by himself, so we need help sometimes. If people care about neighbors, help them and respect them, when they meet difficulties they may receive help from others too.
How can we imagine a society short of eagerness or without any help? That’s a gloomy world and we will be hard to live. When that day comes, I believe human world won’t develop anymore and every will live under the pressure.
So under no circumstances should inhospitality exist in our society. We should believe we can build a perfect world by ourselves.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e74a14bc-a883-3f57-8d17-894870de6d57> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I can never forget my experience when I encountered an embarrassing accident. That happened when I was on the holiday to Changsha. I was wandering at the street when it suddenly burst into raining. When I decided to go back the hotel, I found my wallet lost. Hoping to get a ride, I tried to take a taxi. Unfortunately, however, those drivers drove their cars way without hesitation, having known I had no money. Desperately, I told myself I had to walk in the rain to my hotel. But eventually, a driver took me a ride for free at the last second.
I strongly believed that only the help between each other can build our society into a harmony one. People in society should be friends and families. Help others and you will receive a helping hand when you are in troubles.
If people care about themselves only, the whole society is likely to step to the destruction. Trust and honesty vanish away. Sustention and violence arise. People must protect yourself careful in public so that you can preserve yourself from damage. If that, we will finally lose our interesting to live any longer.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 0af5990d-61cd-3ccc-87ec-563525901905> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
There are so many difficult in our live. Once upon a time, I remember what happened at last year. My English is very poor, and the final exam was coming, I don’t know how to prepare for it, I’m so worried that I can’t go to sleep. But lucky, my roommate who English is well helped me review and give me confidence. At last I passed it, I’m so happy that I have good roommates.
As for me, when someone who get into trouble and doesn’t know how to break away from, it’s necessary for us to help them, and when some of us face it, I believe there are also some people like to help us. Caring for each other is the most beautiful things for each other,
You can imagine that if the world doesn’t exist care for each other, the world we live in would be dreariness, and there would be many difficult problems we couldn’t solve, the science and technology are also can’t get progress, people can’t get happiness from their lives. There are so many terrible things I can’t imagine.
At last, I hope people can help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 9525f3c9-b59e-3361-9f2c-03e26a234e19> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day when I was practicing running,i fell down,and  my left leg was broken. I was scared, I don't know what to do.At the moment, some of my classmates noticed that,they came to meand ask what happened .knowing the truth,some of them helped me clean the wound,some said something to comfort me,and the teacher asked the doctor to check me.At the moment, i felt warm and was very grateful.Ater that,i am eager to help people who need help.
I realise that people should help each other and care each other .and this virtue can be spread by our movement.
if we live in a world lack of help, people would become cold and detached and finally will feel lonely.Everyone just thinks about himself, they are selfish and mean,it is terrible.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 4d5c8ddf-63dc-32f7-81bb-6dbcc611cefb> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I lived in the school when I studyed in high school. One day, I had a fever. I felt bad. My roommate discovered my illness.Then she asked for leave for me. She went to bought drugs for me.I slept the whole day,and she took care of me the whole day. I was so grateful for her. Now she is still one of my best friends.
We should help each other and care for each other.If we don't do it,the relation between people and people will be distant.We won't own happiness of helping others.The society will be short of warmth and people will become numb.Even it cause some buskin, including death.If people don't concern about death , the society is so fearful.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID df72c2e6-419c-3d53-85a8-dc83675a5f1a> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Today I am a senior in BUPT study in the shining and warm room , though we already have our courses almost one year, I really remember when I came here the first time.
Then I am only a graduate come to report, I have know nothing about here. When I was in mass, I heard someone said is there something I can help? Thanks god, he was a good gay. He help me find my dorm and tell something I should notice. When I said thanks, he told me his phone number and I can call him when I have any difficulty.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 831d8aaf-13bf-3afd-8964-2c1a847de37c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Yesterday is my most sad day in my life .I took part in a speech contest.It is a very importent contest not only for myself but also for our major .Everyone in the word thought I would win but at last I lose the contest .When I know the result I cried .My friends and teacher told me that you tried your best did not be said.
I think that every one in life have hard time. But if you have friends help you the time will past .If we just do every thing by ourself things will be badder.
If some one need your help but you are hesitated .You shoud think one day you will neeD his help .

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c2010434-05f9-3c92-9b03-15102d36856d> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
In this society,it's necessary that people should help each other and
care about others.
One day,I was walking through the road,when a car run me down.I was seriously hurt,but the driver was such a bad man that he run away.
Fortunately,another driver passed by and saw the case,so he called the police and drived me to the hospital.Because of him,I survived the accident.
May be I would die if the next driver didn't help me.He is the man that our society need.Everyone should learn from him.Thinking about that if there are no care,no helping and no love,what would our society
be.
So,we should help each other,care each other and love each other.Only so,would our society become more harmonious.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b15ba909-cb3e-3f58-9c95-b1d505091b63> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One time, I was playing basketball with my friends. Suddenly, I set up the ball and had a tip. More terribly, my ankle were injuried, so I could not stand. When I was very disappointed, my friend gave me a hand and he got me on his back and set me to hospital. Because of his help, my illness recured quickly. So thanks his help.
And I think people should help and pay attention to each other. Just like that my friend  help me, I feel warmness, if we give others help, they coould thank me very much.
But if the society was short of attention and peopld was cold to others, the society would have become a original forest which is no mind, no patience and only fight. If so, our society would not exist, and we would have no friend and relation. Finally the war will come.
So we need help, and we should help each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 8fa14c6b-5543-35ba-be9b-0ec2d3434272> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Standing in everyday life, everyone may experience different trouble.
I remember that I was wounded when I played basketball with my classmates, that time , I was so painful and could not moved. I was lying on the ground, my classmates taken me gone to the hospital; I was fully recovered after for treatment. I’m grateful to him.
In my opinion, between people should help each other, and care for each other. As long as everyone contributes a little love, the world will become better and better.
If the lack of care for each other, the world will become cold and cold, we must have a helpful heart, likes this saying” shower in the ocean of love  ”. when you help a people who was in trouble, you should be very happy.  And someone was help you when you were in different trouble, I think you are luck.
The world is full of love.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 87348e94-a13c-3a90-9a65-c1fe5290362c> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
when we help each others, others will be in the heats of warmth, and others to help us, our hearts will also comfort.
I once encouraged by others who had helped matters.
It was a Wednesday evening, I went home, t open the bags, suddenly discovered that I didn’t bring my key. At  last the neighbors invited me to their home staying until my parents came back.
We are living in a society where people help each other in many ways. Not only does helping good for people, is it also good for our society.
Helping each other does good for people in different ways. Nobody can survive or live a better life without having other people’s help in our society. On the other hand, helping each other can help the progress of our society. Human labors are a good example.
Last but not least, helping each other does good for people and the society where they are living in!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID edd81d8e-b34e-308e-b884-78be11937721> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Everyone has a time when he or she is troubled by something.There is no exception for me.
As a freshman of BUPT,I joined in the Students' Union in order to cultivate my ability of communicating and cooperating.I found myself as a fish in water until one day.I was assigned to rehearse a stage play with some other members of the Students' Union.While,standing in front of others has always been a nightmare for me.I was so troubled by it that I lost my appetite.However,my roommates were conscious of my worry.They read my script,discussed my part of the play carefully,and searched a lot of videos on the Internet for me.As a conquence,I performed very well with their help.
Human beings live in society which is closely connected with each other.It's not only our responsibility,but our moral to help those who are in trouble.If everyone is indifferent about others' feelings and troubles,we will be afraid of falling into trouble but receive insensitive faces one day.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 33b3529e-7b1f-349b-a7b5-1d5ecd4844c4> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
It is when I first come to Beijing that I feel the sunshine of helping others, when my family reach at the Beijing station, we don’t know how to get to BUPT, then the police seems to have known that we are in trouble and then tell us the most convenient way. Beijing gives us a good impression at the first time.
As we all know, humankind are unavoidablely related with others, we should try our best to help others when they are in need, try our best to care others when they are in a sad mood, try our best to do what we can do to let the world more beautiful.
Without the care from others, our world will become a cold-blooded world, and there is no real cooperation among us. In such a dog-eat-dog world, individuals’ ability is limited, if so, our world will become behindhand.. only if we help and care each other can our country become a strong country.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 22e782e4-9b31-3f11-b53d-599720e7f0d3> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
As everyone knows, there is no doubt that people should help and care each other.
There is a thing deeply in my heart. That is an afternoon in winter, my foot became too pain to can not walk anymore because of a football march. Hearing my situation, my friends take me to hospital in turn. Without them, l can not go to the hospital so quickly. Thanks for my friends again!
In social, we need this personality, others will help in return you if you help others. If everyone can not help each other, our social will become so cold. L think people that can help others are healthier and much better off than people that do not. So let us move up.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 259d58a6-6774-3d98-964f-0f700a078ae1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
Occasionally I was thinking,if we don't help each other,what the world would be?In my memory,I was helped constantly when faced with problem.When I was a little girl,I went out with my mother,but unfortunately I got lost.I have no money and no phone,and it was far away from my home.So I sat there,losing my head.But it wouldn't be long,a women came to me.On the moment,Ijust regard her like an angle.She gave me some money so that I could get home.Years went by,but the memory will not fade. I'll always remember people those who once helped me,like a light in the dark.
As we all know,when people are in hot water,we should give them a hand.It's not just for charity,also for self-affirmation.Helping may make us lose something,but we could always gain spiritual satisfaction.in other hands,putting ourself in other's position,if we need help,others are the same.A lack of taking care of each other will make people apart.So let us help each other,warm the world!

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID b1ec5a86-f780-3dc3-a865-c82e7e9ae39b> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
everyone can't live alone .we often need others'help.I have accepted assit once.It's a day in summer.I went to another city by train to see my mom.I loaded so much luggage .you can't guess how dissopinted I felt .While I had no idea to how to deal with it ,a young lady appealed.She is so beautiful and strong ,just out of my image .with the help, I got on the train hard.I had felt  grateful when I remmmed the scean.life is so good because there are so many kind people in my ground.
as someone said ,let this world filled with love .after all ,a person's ablity is limited .we need a hand when we feel depressed.the society is a big famlity ,so we shoule help each other.
you can gueess ,if we only pay attention to ourselves ,others won't help when we need help .And the world will get more and more cold.we won't feel happy any more .so give me your hand and let's hold hands each other.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID e297a1d9-bc6a-3ae8-9387-30d12a3c85e9> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was young, I was in bad health. And I suffered from a serious
disease. When I was in grade 1 in primary school, I stayed in hospital
to receive treatment. And of course, my study fell behind and I was also very depressed, too. But later things went better. My best friend
came to help me with my study, and she asked several classmates to call on me. They sang songs, told jokes, recite poems and so on. Very soon,
I leaved hospital and returned my class. Even now, when I think of that
period, I will thank God for giving me so helpful classmates.
And of course, I think people should help each other and care for other in this society. If we lose our helpful heart, the world will be dark and mess. People see their own interest only, and there will be no love or light in human's heart. Isn't it terrible? Fortunately, there are also many kind people in the world. And we should learn from them to make our planet lovelier.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID c0eacb47-f1aa-3f18-bdc7-a062fa55e0a1> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
When I was in primary school,I went swimming with my friends after school.It was a very hot day,we all enjoyed the cool water.We played games and swam in the river.We had a good time.Suddenly I felt my feet were very painful.I know I had a cramp. I could not swim any more.I shouted to ask the help.My friends heard my voice. And quickly swam to me and helped me break away from danger.
I appreciate my friends to help me in danger. They are all wonderful people.I take pride of them.We all should learn the glory behavior. We should learn to help each other.That can make the difficulties easier.
If there is no help in our society,our world will be very fearful.We will have no love in the world.So learn to help each other and care for people.

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 64eabd21-dadc-3464-8890-0fbdcf0fe2bf> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
I can not forget a girl,she gave me the warmth in a cold raining day.
It was Tuesday in this week,I stayed at classroom all the afternoon,then I went to dining room for dinner,when I want to go back to dormitory,I found it was raining outside.
"Don't worry",I said to myself,"It will stop soon."But 30 minutes passed,the rain was not stop.My roomates can't help me because they went outside of school.I felt disappointed.
"Hi,can I help you?"a girl said to me,"I can share my umbrella with you."
"How a great girl!"I thought,and I

<TITLE Helping Each Other> <ESSAYID 7b4783a3-cae1-3131-89b8-d244d19b6aca> <SCHOOL BUPT> <SCORE ?>
One day, when I was swimming in the sea, unfortunately I fell, but just at that moment, a big man came to me and dragged me out of the sea  water, I drunk so much water, so I was sent to the hostipal by him, and he paid the fee for me. I was so moved.It is a small thing to him ,but to me ,it's very important. He saved my life.
Since then, I decided to try my best to help others, and I think that people should help each others, not only think for themselves. When someone is in trouble, you should try to help him or her, or people won't help you when you are in trouble. If everyone is lack of care, the world will be a crue world, and we will be die out .
Now, we are college students, we should act as a model and do more kind things for the world we live in. Let's do together to make our world a beautiful place to live in,come on .



